corpus document1
road to paradise
loretta young plays the part of an orphan who has been raised by two thieves (raymond hatton and george barraud) and does not know that she has a twin sister who is now a wealthy socialite (loretta young as margaret waring). one day, while she is dining at a chinese restaurant with her two guardians, they notice the wealthy socialite and are taken aback at how closely she resembles young. hatton and barraud convince young that she should impersonate the socialite so that they can enter her house and steal the contents of her safe. young enters the house and meet jack mulhall who senses something different about waring and immediately falls in love with young. when night falls, young lets hatton and barraud into the house and they attempt to open the safe. waring happens to enter the house and is shocked to find a woman that looks like her. she is wounded by barraud and young tricks the police into thinking that waring is an imposter and thief. even though mulhall knows the truth, he keeps quiet because he is in love with young. eventually young discovers that waring is her twin sister when they discover that they have matching lockets. the charges against waring are dropped and young accepts mulhall's proposal of marriage.
corpus document2
the rogue song
the story takes place in russia in the year 1910. yegor (lawrence tibbett), a dashing (as well as singing) bandit leader meets princess vera (catherine dale owen) at a mountain inn. they fall in love, but the relationship is shattered when yegor kills vera's brother, prince serge, for raping his sister, nadja, and driving her to suicide. yegor kidnaps vera, forcing her to live a life of lowly servitude among the bandits. vera manages to outwit yegor, who is captured by soldiers and flogged. vera begs yegor's forgiveness. although still in love with each other, they realize they cannot be together, at least for the time being.
corpus document3
romance
on new year's eve, harry (elliott nugent) tells his grandfather (gavin gordon), a bishop, that he intends to marry an actress, even though that is frowned upon by his social class. however, his grandfather recounts via flashback a cautionary tale of a great love affair with a "fallen women" during his own youth. when he was 28 years old, tom armstrong, the son of an aristocratic family and the rector of st. giles, meets the famous italian opera star rita cavallini (greta garbo) at an evening party given by cornelius van tuyl (lewis stone). tom falls in love with rita even though there are rumors that she is van tuyl's mistress. tom's family disapproves of rita but he continues to pursue her until he discovers that she had been lying to him about the true nature of her relationship with van tuyl. though he forgives and loves her, their different lives and different social class make an engagement untenable. ultimately, the old bishop later married harry's grandmother and counsels harry to marry the woman he loves regardless of the consequences.
corpus document4
rough romance
working as lumberjacks in the northwest, billy west (george o'brien) and his pal laramie (eddie borden) spy two men stealing furs from a trap, but they arrive too late to save the trap owner from being shot. billy suspects loup latour (antonio moreno) and his partner chick carson (harry cording). while marna reynolds (helen chandler) dreams of dances and pick chiffon dresses, her father (david hartford) is being forced to purchase stolen furs from latour and carson, and latour is throwing a few lecherous glances toward marna. billy, in a card game, catches latour cheating and also suggests he suspects him of theft and murder before further violence is stopped by the sheriff. billy and laramie are ambushed and billy is shot in the shoulder, but kills carson. laramie takes billy to the reynolds trading post, where marna ministers to his wound. latour convinces the sheriff that billy murdered carson and the sheriff is led on a dogsled chase by laramie. latour returns to the post with intentions of changing his lecherous glances into lecherous action, and the weakened billy struggles with latour as marna races toward the log-jammed river.
corpus document5
rough waters
the film begins with a parked car with drawn curtains inside of which three gangsters (played by walter miller, richard alexander and skeets noyes) and silently waiting for their prey. when a large closed vehicle approaches the car with gangsters it crashes and the gangsters quickly rush to the vehicle, kill the chauffeur and two guards and steal a satchel with 100,000 dollars. the gangsters then look for a hideout and find a fishing hut. this hut is the home of capt. thomas (breese), who can no longer walk and is confined to a wheelchair, and his young daughter mary (ralston). mary is in love with cal morton (chandler), who is a policeman that rides a motorcycle. morton is rin tin tin's owner. masquerading as government agents, the gangsters break into the hut and prevent capt. thomas and mary from leaving. when rin tin tin delivers the daily newspaper, as usual, mary manages to place a note on rin tin tin for cal morton. when cal arrives with rin tin tin, he and his dog are wounded by one of the gangsters. the gangsters also capture two mail agents (william irving and george rigon). the gangsters then attempt to make a getaway by using a boat. in spite of being injured, rin tin tin manages to prevent the escape of the gangsters and delivers them to cal who handcuffs them with bill's help.
corpus document6
the runaway bride
mary gray (mary astor) and dick mercer (david newell) elope, since mary's wealthy parents would never approve of the marriage. in atlantic city, they arrive at the humble efficiency hotel room mary has taken. dick is not impressed, and would prefer they stay in a fancier hotel. an argument ensues over whether dick should remain an idle playboy or go to work. mary decides to call it off, but dick refuses to let her, locking her in the room while he goes for a minister. meanwhile, red dugan (maurice black) robs a jewelry store and slips into mary's room (formerly his). dugan hides a stolen necklace in mary's handbag, before he and a policeman fatally shoot each other. when clara muldoon (natalie moorhead), the chambermaid, comes to change the linen, mary asks her for a hiding place, giving her $300. clara is about to switch jobs, but gives mary her new job information instead. after mary leaves, clara comes upon dugan, who manages to tell her that he "put it in her bag" before dying. police sergeant daly (paul hurst) questions clara, then accuses dick of being dugan's associate when he returns. daly takes the pair in for further grilling. as "sally fairchild", mary shows up at the home of wealthy bachelor george blaine (lloyd hughes) to take the job. however, it is clear to george and his valet williams that there is something not quite right about her. her manners are too polished for a servant and she is very pretty. (george also notices that the monogram on her purse is mg.) george decides not to hire her, but when a policeman comes and asks for directions, she faints after the man leaves. under the circumstances, george cannot send her away in that condition, so he decides to hire her after all. afterward, george examines mary's purse and finds a pearl necklace. meanwhile, clara, who is part of the gang, tells the thieves what she knows. barney black, their leader, decides to wait until things quieten down before retrieving the loot. george sees a newspaper article about mary gray's elopement, along with a photo of her. he decides to discharge her, but he and mary are attracted to each other, so she is able to make him change his mind again. then clara shows up and demands half of the proceeds of the necklace from mary. mary does not know what she is talking about, but offers to give her a valuable ring to go away. while mary gets it, clara finds and takes the necklace from her purse. after clara leaves, dick arrives (having paid clara $500 for the information), followed by sergeant daly and then the crooks. the thieves abduct mary. daly, however, catches clara when she tries to slip away by herself. she gives up the pearls in exchange for leniency. george drives off after mary, but barney shoots him in the shoulder and also his two front tires. the gang head to their hideout: a fake hospital. when george pulls into a garage, one of the men offers to drive him to the same hospital. george is tipped off when he sees that the doctor there has a pistol. he manages to rescue mary, just before the police arrive to arrest the jewel thieves.
corpus document7
safety in numbers
william reynolds is set to inherit $350 million on his next birthday, but his uncle says he must learn the ways of the world beforehand. his uncle hires three follies girls to guide william around new york.[1]
corpus document8
the sap from syracuse
when littleton looney, a crane driver, inherits $18,000 from his uncle, he decides to fulfill his dream and go to europe (he is a great admirer of napoleon). his ex-boss, hopkins, and a couple of hopkins' cronies decide to pull a prank on him; they send telegrams (supposedly from john d. rockefeller, henry ford and others) to the captain of the luxury liner that looney takes, asking that looney be treated well. on the ship before it departs, one of the pranksters convince senator powell, another passenger, that looney is vanderhoff, a famous engineer, traveling incognito. also aboard is ellen saunders. she has 90 days to put some nickel mines in macedonia into operation, despite not knowing anything about mining, otherwise she will lose them to a syndicate represented by her guardian, banker sidney hycross. she rejects his lowball offer for property worth "over a million." when she finds out that a noted engineer is aboard, she learns from the senator that it is looney. soon the senator has spread the news all over the ship. when hycross hears it, he assigns nick pangalos the task of keeping ellen away from looney. hycross is pleased to receive a coded telegram informing him that the machinery ellen needs has been stranded (at his orders) hundreds of miles from the mines. ellen gets the same news and decides to consult looney. looney is only too happy to help however he can, and a romance develops between them. meanwhile, he is pursued by a gold digger named flo goodrich, while her friend dolly clark targets hycross. hycross, suspicious of looney's alleged identity, goads ellen into a bet: if looney is not vanderhoff, she will accept his deal and sign over the mines. hycross sends a telegram to the syracuse chamber of commerce. hopkins, the organization's secretary, responds with a glowing recommendation, stating "he occupies a unique position in the engineering world". however, hycross remains unconvinced. in macedonia, he arranges for real engineers working on the mine problem to meet (and expose) looney. the machinery cannot be transported to the mines until the september rains raise the level of a river. that would be too late. looney finally confesses to ellen that he is not an engineer. upset, she tells hycross she will sign his agreement. however, when a persistent engineer pleads with looney, still believing he is the builder of the new erie canal, to think some more, looney tells him, "oh, dry up. damn the canal." that suddenly gives him an idea. he tells the engineers to dam the river. the river bed is composed of slate, which will make a usable road for the stranded machinery. impressed, "senator powell", who is really vanderhoff, decides to hire looney; the syndicate hired him to check up on hycross. looney ends up with ellen and a job as consulting engineer at her mines.
corpus document9
sarah and son
after years of abusing his austrian immigrant wife sarah storm, jim grey, a vaudeville entertainer, disappears with their young son bobby. he eventually sells bobby to a wealthy couple, the ashmores. they refuse to return the boy and attempt to return in his stead the deaf mute son of one of their servants. bobby, unhappy with the too protective ashmores, runs away to live with his uncle howard vanning, a successful attorney. years later, sarah has become an internationally famous opera singer being courted by howard, who engineers an encounter.
corpus document10
scarlet pages
in the prologue to the film (taking place in 1911) we learn that, being unable to care for her baby, mary bancroft (elsie ferguson), had to give her up for adoption. years later (in 1930), we find bancroft as a successful female lawyer in new york. she refuses to marry district attorney john remington (john halliday), because she doesn't want to tell him about her unfortunate past. bancroft and remington go to a nightclub one night where nora mason (marian nixon) works as a singer and dancer. nora mason is actually bancroft's biological daughter but neither of them knows it. although nora is tired of the work she is doing and wants to settle down and marry robert lawrence (grant withers), her adoptive "father" dr. henry mason (played by wilbur mack) has other plans for her. dr. mason wants to sell nora to gregory jackson (william b. davidson), who promises to star nora in a show that will bring in lots of money, as long as she gives herself to jackson. when nora hears of this sordid deal from the lips of dr. mason, she kills him with a gun her adoptive "mother"(charlotte walker) has recently bought. lawrence, with a friend who is an acquaintance of bancroft's, goes to the office of bancroft to ask her to defend nora. at first reluctant, bancroft finally decides to take the case. nora at first refuses to tell the reasons for killing her adoptive father dr. mason until it comes out in court that she has been adopted. nora then informs the jury the entire details of what had occurred prior to the murder; it is obliquely stated that she had been molested by dr. mason. when bancroft finds out her client is actually her own daughter she passes out in court. nora is acquitted and eventually forgives her real mother for abandoning her as a child.
corpus document11
the sea god
pink barker (arlen) loses his boat and his girl daisy (wray) to his bitter rival schultz (gleckler), but his fortunes change when an old, dying sailor he rescues at sea tells him about a fortune to be had in pearls. unfortunately, the pearl beds lie off an island inhabited by cannibals. barker sails in search of the island with his friend square deal (pallette). still in love with pink, daisy stows away but is soon discovered and forced by her unforgiving ex to work her passage. the cannibals attack pink’s boat while he is underwater collecting the pearl oysters, forcing him to cut his air line and make for the shore. unable to remove his cumbersome diving suit he later stumbles into the native village where square deal and daisy are being held, and the islanders mistake him for a god. schultz and his men, having followed pink’s boat to the island, capture pink, square deal and daisy. square deal and daisy are sent as prisoners to his boat, but just as schultz is about to do away with pink, his party are attacked by the natives. pink escapes but schultz and his men are all killed. still trapped on the island, pink puts on his god-like diving suit again and is able to subdue the natives long enough to swim out to the boat where he is reunited with his friends.
corpus document12
second choice
vallery grove (costello) is in love with don warren (morris), but her mother opposes the match because he is poor and has no social standing. don decides to terminate his engagement to vallery after attending a party where he meets a spoiled rich girl who is interested in him. dolores is later introduced to owen mallory (mulhall) who informs her that don is now planning to marry the spoiled rich girl. mallory, who has himself been recently jilted, and vallery find comfort in each other and eventually owen proposes to vallery. she finally accepts, and they elope. once she is married, vallery discovers that don has broken off his engagement. she becomes uncertain about her love for mallory and while her husband is away on business, she invites don, who is drunk, into her house.
corpus document13
the second floor mystery
geoffrey west and marion ferguson (grant withers and loretta young), two american tourists in london, meet each other at a london hotel while eating breakfast. both are reading the personal columns of the times. the next day withers inserts an ad, under the alias of lord strawberries, which requests her friendship. ferguson, using the alias of lady grapefruit, places an ad in reply which suggests that he write a series of five letters proving himself worth knowing. west makes up a fabulous story about a murder mystery based on the things he has heard his upstairs neighbors arguing about. ferguson's aunt, who disapproves of west, suspects west is the murderer and contacts scotland yard. west's neighbor (the one he mentioned in his letters) is found dead and the police immediately suspect west and ferguson as being involved in the murder. the real murderer, when he hears they are prime suspects, then attempts to frame them.
corpus document14
second wife
not long after the death of his first wife, walter fairchild becomes engaged to florence wendell. florence ignores the warnings of gilbert gaylord, who is also interested in marrying her, that she doesn't know what she is getting herself into; that no woman will ever be able to fill the void in fairchild's life left by the death of his wife. after they are married, fairchild and florence have some contention as she buys into the warnings given her by gaylord. to appease her, they move out of the house he shared with his first wife, and allows her to furnish the new home. sensing that he and his new wife need some time alone together to start their new lives, he sends his seven-year-old son, walter jr., to a boarding school in switzerland. after florence becomes pregnant, fairchild is notified that is son is very ill, and will most likely not recover. despite florence's pleas for him not to leave her, he travels to his son's side. as he leaves, florence tells him not to return. as fairchild waits with his son, florence is once again wooed by her former suitor, gaylord. thinking that she is permanently estranged from her husband, florence agrees to run away with him. walter jr. recovers from his illness, and returns home with his father. as florence is about to leave with gaylord, he tells her that he only wants her, that she'll have to give up the baby. she refuses, and returns to fairchild, who takes her back.
corpus document15
shadow of the law
mechanical engineer james "jim" montgomery escorts attractive blonde ethel george to her apartment, one floor up from where he himself lives. however, inside she is startled to find an angry lew durkin, a "chicago millionaire". jim leaves, but later she flees to his place, chased by durkin. when durkin starts strangling the woman, jim intervenes. in the ensuing fight, jim punches durkin, who then falls out the window to his death. anxious to avoid the scandal and publicity, the woman runs away. when police lieutenant mike kearney arrives, jim makes a mistake and claims there was nobody else in the room. when kearney tells him that an eyewitness saw him push durkin out the window, he tells the truth, but kearney does not believe his changed story. they go upstairs to see miss george, but she is gone. without her testimony, jim is convicted and sent to prison for life. he shares a cell with pete for three years. then the warden asks him to find out who pete's accomplices were and the hiding place of the loot from a robbery pete is suspected of having committed, giving him a trustee's cushy job and dangling the possibility of "executive clemency". however, jim tells pete right away. pete has been plotting an escape, but he convinces jim to take his place instead, as pete only has two more years to serve. jim gets away. two years later, jim is in suffolk, north carolina, working as mill manager "john nelson". his girlfriend, edith wentworth, is the daughter of the mill's owner. jim is reunited with his friend pete. private detectives have located ethel george, but now he needs someone he can trust completely to go see her in new york and make her tell the truth. despite his distrust of all "janes", pete agrees to do it. ethel "barry" at first denies being ethel george, but changes her mind after pete tells her that jim has become successful and can pay a lot of money. however, when pete leaves, she telephones the police, having obtained from pete where jim is living. pete is picked up, questioned by kearney and jailed on suspicion of robbery when pete refuses to say where he got $5000. kearney has the new bills traced. meanwhile, ethel shows up at colonel wentworth's party. she tells jim privately that she wants $50,000, a sum he does not have, but she points out that colonel wentworth would pay that much to protect his daughter. jim decides to quit his job, but when edith confronts him, he tells her everything. she then tells her father that he is not leaving after all. colonel wentworth is delighted with his future son-in-law. then kearney shows up. jim desperately claims he is not the escaped convict. when ethel comes in, jim offers her the $50,000, but having been told that kearney is a police officer, she claims jim is trying to bribe her to commit perjury. to temporarily avoid being identified by his fingerprints, jim deliberately injures his hands in some mill machinery. kearney decides to take a chance that jim is telling the truth and promises to get the truth out of ethel.
corpus document16
she's my weakness
tommy mills wants to marry his girlfriend, marie thurber, but cannot afford it. when he inherits a piece of property, he plans on selling it in order to facilitate the marriage. however, marie is also being pursued by bernard norton, who is not as seemingly dull as tommy. marie's parents would prefer their daughter to marry tommy, but things get complicated when marie's father, warren, needs to sell a piece of property he owns in order to get himself out of financial difficulty. the town is interested in both pieces, but will only purchase one of them. to further complicate matters, tommy's uncle, david tuttle is attempting to broker the deal for the purchase of the land. in the confusion which ensues, both land parcels are sold without the permission of their owners. the resulting chaos gives the appearance of misdeeds by tommy, which pushes marie towards the arms of her other suitor. however, the truth comes out in the end, both tommy and mr. thurber sell their properties and alleviate their financial needs, and tommy and marie get married.
corpus document17
shooting straight
larry sheldon is a gambler, who learns that a friend of his has been murdered by a local gangster, spot willis. when he goes to confront spot, a melee ensues in which spot winds up dead. thinking that he is responsible for the death, sheldon flees the city aboard a train, with his companion, chick. they share a pullman compartment with an itinerant minister, mr. walters, whose wallet chick unobtrusively removes from his pocket. when sheldon discovers the theft, he chastises chick and is determined to return the pilfered purse to its rightful owner. however, before he can, the train is involved in a serious accident, in which sheldon is knocked unconscious. when he awakes, sheldon is in the home reverend powell, where he is recuperating. due to his possession of walters' wallet, the reverend believes sheldon to be the evangelist, a mistake which sheldon does not correct, thinking that it will help him hide from the authorities. sheldon, as time passes, begins to fall in love with the reverend's daughter, doris. he also begins to take the role of evangelistic minister seriously as well. things come to a head when the reverend's son, tommy, loses a significant amount of money to a local gambler, martin. when sheldon goes to tommy's rescue, he is recognized by martin, who calls in the police. in the events that follow, however, the truth is revealed that sheldon did not actually kill spots when another man confesses to the murder. free from criminal charges, sheldon and doris begin a life together, with sheldon continuing as an aspiring minister, but this time under his real name.
corpus document18
show girl in hollywood
when the film begins, a musical show before closed down before it has had a chance to even open. jimmie doyle (jack mulhall), who wrote the musical intends to rewrite it while his girlfriend, dixie dugan (alice white), fed up at wasting her time for a show that never even opened, is intent on finding a new career. while at a nightclub, dixie does a musical number and catches the eye of frank buelow (john miljan), a hollywood director. buelow persuades dixie to go to hollywood, where he will have a part waiting for her in his upcoming films. dixie takes the next train to california. when she arrives, she is disappointed to find that buelow has been fired from the studio and that there is no part for her. dixie meets donny harris (blanche sweet), a former star who is now out of work because she is considered "as old as the hills" at the age of 32.[5] soon after, dixie discovers that jimmie doyle is now in hollywood because one of the movie studios had just bought the film rights to his musical play. jimmie had insisted that dixie be given the lead in the film version of his play. the film goes into production and dixie manages to get donny included in the cast. one day, dixie meets frank buelow at a restaurant and tells her that he is now working for another studio. through his influence, buelow manages to change dixie into a temperamental and conceited actress and this leads to complications which almost end her film career.
corpus document19
the silver horde
in the alaska wilderness, boyd emerson and fraser, arrive by dogsled at a village. they are puzzled to receive a chilly welcome from its inhabitants. frustrated, boyd gets into a fight with local george balt, which is broken up by cherry malotte. she invites the newcomers to dinner. she explains that they have stumbled into a bitter struggle between two rival fishing groups, hers and fred marsh's. boyd is ready to give up his fruitless search for gold. cherry reinvigorates him and persuades him to join her side. she sends him, fraser and balt to seattle to get a loan of $200,000 from cherry's banker friend, tom hilliard, to rebuild a cannery. after concluding the deal, boyd goes to see his socialite fiancée, mildred wayland. she is determined to marry him, despite her father's wish that she wed someone with wealth: none other than fred marsh. when marsh provokes him, boyd carelessly blurts out his plans. wayne wayland and marsh conspire and succeed in having cherry's financing withdrawn. notified, cherry sails for seattle and dines with hilliard. it soon becomes plain to the banker that cherry has fallen in love with boyd. he explains that the young man already has a girlfriend, and points out the couple dancing elsewhere in the establishment. cherry then secures the loan by taking up hilliard's offer to go to his apartment. boyd assumes, however, that it was due to mildred's influence with her father. returning to alaska with new machinery and balt's crew, boyd gets the cannery running in weeks, just in time for the annual salmon run. when marsh sends his men to wreck their equipment, a brawl breaks out on the water, during which the waylands arrive on their yacht. marsh tells mildred about cherry, that she is a notorious prostitute known from sitka to san francisco. he lies, telling mildred that cherry got the loan by spending the night with hilliard at boyd's insistence, and that she is more than boyd's business partner. mildred ends her engagement, despite boyd's protests of innocence. boyd, meanwhile, breaks up with cherry when she cannot deny how she got the money. concerned only about boyd's happiness, cherry contacts an old friend in her former trade, queenie. the two board the wayland yacht, where cherry proves that queenie is marsh's wife. cherry then convinces mildred that, while she loves boyd, nothing happened between them. when boyd shows up, mildred is eager to take him back, but by this time, he realizes who he truly loves. he finds cherry and tells her he cares only about their future together, not her past.
corpus document20
sin takes a holiday
sylvia brenner (constance bennett) is a plain secretary sharing an apartment with two other girls, one of whom is her friend annie (zasu pitts). her economic condition is meager, but she makes do with what she has. she works for a womanizing divorce attorney, gaylord stanton (kenneth mackenna), who only dates married women; he has no intention of ever getting married and sees wives as safe, since they already have husbands. but sylvia is secretly in love with gaylord. when the woman he is fooling around with, grace lawrence (rita la roy), decides to leave her husband in order to marry gaylord, he panics. in order to avoid having to deal with the matrimonial pursuits of any of his potential dalliances, he offers a business proposal to sylvia whereby he will provide her with financial remuneration if she will marry him in name only. she agrees. after the sham wedding, sylvia is sent off to paris by gaylord, to get her out of the way so he can continue his nightly debauchery. in paris, she uses her money to do a serious makeover of herself. while there, she also meets her boss's old friend, reggie durant (basil rathbone), who falls in love with her. reggie is a sophisticated european, who introduces sylvia to the enticements of the european lifestyle, to which she is attracted. when reggie asks sylvia to divorce gaylord so that she can marry him, she is tempted, but confused, and returns home. returning to the states, everyone takes notice of the transformed sylvia. although there is a brief hiccup, as grace puts forth a full-court offensive to win over gaylord, gaylord and sylvia end up realizing that they are in love with each other.
corpus document21
sinners' holiday
ma delano (lucille la verne) runs a penny arcade on an amusement pier at coney island with her children jennie, joe, and harry (evalyn knapp, ray gallagher and james cagney). underneath la verne's establishment, mitch mckane (warren hymer) is running a bootleg operation. in order to escape detection, mckane doubles as a sideshow operator. angel harrigan (grant withers), who works as a barker, is in love with jennie. when mckane attempts to flirt with jennie he is thwarted by angel. harry secretly becomes involved in mckanes's bootlegging operation, against the wishes of his mother. when mckane gets picked up by the police on suspicion of bootlegging, harry takes over his operations and pockets the proceeds. mckane is unexpectedly released from prison and discovers harry's treachery. he encounters harry on a darkened pier but harry shoots him before he can act. harry confesses everything to his mother, but she attempts to place the blame on angel, who she doesn't like, by placing the murder weapon in his briefcase. as angel is about to be taken away by the police, jennie, who witnessed the crime and is in love with angel, tells the police the truth, and her brother harry confesses to the crime much to the chagrin of his mother.
corpus document22
the social lion
marco perkins (oakie) is a garage mechanic and a would-be-prizefighter who gets a place on the ritzy country club's polo team because he is the town's most proficient mallet-wielder, having learned to play polo while serving in u.s. army. his hobnobbing with the town-elite and social upper-crust at the polo-matches gives him an inflated idea of his social position, and he decides he is moving on up. he breaks off with his girl-friend, true-blue cynthia brown (brian), and hits on débutante gloria staunton (borden), who appears to have an interest in being hit upon. gloria's interest lies mostly in showing marco that hired-hands who can play polo still aren't to the manor born.
corpus document23
a soldier's plaything
the story takes place towards the end of the first world war. georgie wilson is gambling with some friends. when one of them accuses him of cheating they get into a fight. when wilson sees his opponent fall down the stairs he assumes he has died. he escapes with his friend, tim, before the police arrive by joining a parade of men who are enlisting for the army. they end up joining together as tim made his mind up that he wants to join the army. they get into trouble with their captain on numerous occasions, leading him to punish them numerous times by making them stable cleaners. when they are stationed at the german town of koblenz, wilson meets and falls in love with gretchen rittner, daughter of an innkeeper. he is unable to propose marriage to her, however, with a murder charging hanging over his head. eventually, the man he thought he murdered turns up and this allows wilson to finally marry gretchen.
corpus document24
son of the gods
sam lee (barthelmess) is the only son of extremely wealthy chinese merchant lee ying. sam can pass as white. lee ying sends him to a prestigious university, where he studies hard. he is tolerated in white social circles, even though it is known there that he is chinese, because of his money. one day, two fellow students talk him into a triple date, but the white girls are outraged when they find out that they are out with a "dirty yellow chinaman". they pressure the two white men to make up a transparently fake excuse to leave. insulted, sam drops out of school. he tells lee ying that he is going to travel on his own, without his father's financial support. he takes a lowly job aboard a ship and ends up working for a novelist named bathurst because of his knowledge of chinese. in the south of france, sam meets allana wagner (bennett), the spoiled daughter of an indulgent father. allana falls madly in love with sam. though sam loves her too, he is afraid to pursue a relationship until she tells him that she was once engaged to a man from india. everything goes well for a while. one day, however, allana's father tells her he has found out that sam is chinese. she flies into a rage and repeatedly lashes sam in public with her riding crop, revealing to all within earshot why. later, she deeply regrets what she did and telephones to apologize, but sam has returned home to new york city, having received word that his father is very ill. sam rushes home, only to find that his father has died, attended on his deathbed by eileen, a childhood white friend of sam's. (lee ying never forgot eileen's uncle's kindness to him, and had made eileen his very well-paid secretary.) embittered, sam renounces the white world and its christian values and embraces his chinese heritage. he runs his father's business empire with an iron fist, denying his white customers credit. meanwhile, allana embarks on a wild round of non-stop partying to try to forget sam, but only succeeds in ruining her health. one day, she collapses and is near death. in her delirium, she calls for sam repeatedly. her racist father reluctantly asks sam to come see her. sam pays a visit, and allana recovers. finally eileen sends for her uncle dugan. he tells sam that, while a policeman in san francisco, he found an abandoned child. assuming that he was chinese, dugan gave the boy to lee ying and his wife, who had been praying for a child. after a few years, it became apparent that the boy was actually white. since sam was never formally adopted, dugan recommends to lee ying that he relocate to new york to avoid risking losing sam. unable to quench her love for sam, allana tells him that she wants to marry him before he has a chance to tell her that he is white. the lovers are happily reunited.
corpus document25
song of the flame
aniuta (bernice claire, known as the flame, is a peasant girl who incites the people against the czarist regime and the aristocracy through singing. prince volodya (alexander gray) is the leader of a group of cossack troops who falls in love with the girl, even though she is part of a revolution that is opposed to his social class. konstantin (noah beery) is a revolutionary who also falls in love with aniuta, much to the anger of his lover, natasha (alice gentle). the revolutionaries succeed in overthrowing the regime, leaving the prince and his aristocratic class in peril for their lives and fortunes. konstantin becomes the new leader and his brutal treatment of the people make many regret having supported the revolution in the first place. after he attempts to seduce her, aniuta flees to a village in her native poland. the prince, fleeing from the new regime, happens to arrive at the same village. when he meets the girl again he decides to stay. they put their political differences aside and become romantically involved. hearing from his spies that the prince is at a polish village, konstantin immediately goes there and arrests him, announcing that he attends to execute him. aniuta desperately attempts to free the prince by agreeing to have sex with konstantin. the prince is released from prison through this ruse, but when is it discovered that she had no intention of keeping her side of the bargain, she is thrown into jail. the prince disguises himself and attempts to free the girl, but he is discovered and imprisoned again. before they can be executed, natasha, revealing the real reason behind konstantin's execution order, tells the troops to release both the prince and aniuta. konstantin is arrested by the troops soon after as a traitor to the revolution, and is executed, leaving the prince and the girl free to pursue their romance.
corpus document26
song of the west
the story takes place in 1849. captain stanton (john boles), who because of a misunderstanding over a woman with major davolo, has been cited for a court martial. as a scout, he is sent to escort a wagon train which is under military escort. it turns out that this escort is his own former regiment. when he meet davolo, there is another fight and between stanton and davolo in which davolo is killed. the colonel has stanton put in the guard house on a murder charge. he escapes disguised as a parson and continues along with the wagon train in order to be near virginia, the daughter of his former commander, played by vivienne segal. they fall in love and when stanton decides to leave the wagon train, virginia follows him. stanton marries virginia and opens a gambling hall. when the regiment eventually turns up at the gambling hall, virginia makes merry with her former friends. stanton, in a fit of jealousy, leaves the establishment with another woman and tries his luck in california, searching for gold. he has poor luck and becomes a derelict. eventually he meets his wife in san francisco, resulting in a happy reconciliation. some soldiers find him and give him a choice between being deported or re-enlisting in the army. he re-enlists. joe e. brown, in the part of hasty, his doomed sidekick, provided the comedy for the film.
corpus document27
soup to nuts
ted healy is a salesman for the schmidt costume shop who likes to hang out at the fire station where moe (billed as "harry howard"), larry and shemp (along with fred sanborn) work. old man schmidt spends more time building crazy inventions (typical of devices by writer/cartoonist rube goldberg) than tending to his business; as a consequence he is bankrupt and his business is taken over by his creditors, who send a young man named carlson to manage the business. carlson immediately falls for mr. schmidt's niece, louise, but she resists him. meanwhile, a certain general avocado wants to organize a revolution in san stevedore and comes to the costume shop to order uniforms; sadly his army flees in fright without paying at the sound of a child bursting a toy balloon. ted also swings a deal with the fire department to supply costumes for the fireman's ball. carlson wants to take louise, so ted hatches a plan to take louise, and have himself and carlson dressed alike, then switch places at the ball. when louise learns of the switch, she runs back to the shop and locks herself in her room. carlson chases her home, and unknowingly starts a fire while trying to persuade her to come out. the firemen (the stooges) arrive to extinguish the blaze — with the unexpected help of one of old man schmidt's inventions — and at last louise and carlson are a couple.
corpus document28
the spoilers
while traveling to nome, alaska, roy glenister (gary cooper) meets beautiful helen chester (kay johnson), who soon becomes his sweetheart. glenister is one of several owners of a lucrative mine called the midas. when he arrives in nome, he discovers that his partners, slapjack simms (slim summerville) and joe dextry (james kirkwood), are in the middle of a legal dispute with three corrupt officials: united states marshal voorhees (jack holmes), judge stillman (lloyd ingraham), and a politician named alec mcnamara (william "stage" boyd ). they have been engaged in a racket claiming titles to various mines, ejecting the miners, and then making mcnamara owner of the disputed properties. the three corrupt officials lay claim to the midas. mcnamara also steals money from glenister, dextry, and slapjack, preventing them from enlisting legal help from the united states. when dextry and glenister plan a vigilante action, mcnamara calls in a detail of soldiers to protect "his property". as glenister and mcnamara prepare for a gunfight, they are dissuaded by helen, who suggests that the courts handle the dispute. later, after jealous saloon owner cherry malotte (betty compson) lies to glennister telling him that helen and mcnamara are conspiring to cheat him again, glennister and mcnamara settle their differences with a spectacular fistfight, with mcnamara getting the worst. afterwards, glenister wins the hand of helen.
corpus document29
spring is here
bernice claire is in love with lawrence gray. claire's father, played by ford sterling, disapproves of lawrence but approves another suitor, played by alexander gray. alexander is shy and clumsy while lawrence is outgoing and romantic. when bernice returns one night at 5 a.m. with lawrence, her father orders him to stay away from his daughter. alexander, being discouraged at being rejected by bernice, is offered help by inez courtney, bernice's younger sister. alexander follows her advice and attempts to make bernice jealous to get her attention. he makes love to several women, including bernice's mother. the trick works and soon bernice thinks she is deeply in love with alexander. sterling gets into an argument with lawrence and tells him to leave his house for good. lawrence returns in the middle of the night to elope with bernice but alexander shows up and carries her off for himself. in the morning they are found together in bernice's room, to the shock of the family, and they eventually reveal to everyone that they have eloped.
corpus document30
street of chance
john marsden, a famed and powerful new york gambler who refuses to throw a game, is devoted to his wife, alma, and his impressionistic younger brother, "babe," to whom he sends a wedding gift of $10,000, which babe may keep on the condition that he does not indulge in gambling. alma, dismayed by john's ruthless tactics and his obsession with gambling, threatens to leave him unless he takes his winnings and leaves the city with her. he agrees. however, that evening babe, who has become a cardsharp, comes to town with his new wife, judith. he goes to see his brother, whom he believes is a stockbroker, unaware of john's true profession and the reality that he is trying to quit and rebuild his marriage. babe insists on playing and tries to win a fortune with his savings in an organized gambling session. he wins remarkably. the professional gambler sees that his card-playing sibling is preparing to make the same mistakes he did. john therefore decides to risk his life and gamble one more time, and to break the gambler's code and cheat by throwing the game, in order to disillusion babe, thereby teaching him an unforgettable lesson. however, john is caught cheating by dorgan and becomes a marked man. john is later mortally wounded, in spite of his wife's attempts to save him.
corpus document31
such men are dangerous
elinor, encouraged by her ambitious sister, reluctantly agrees to marry wealthy businessman ludwig kranz. however she is repulsed by his un-attractive physical appearance and his aloof, materialistic personality. unable to go through with consummating the marriage, elinor flees on their wedding night. kranz angrily plots revenge, hiring a plane and heading out over the english channel where he abandons the aircraft by parachute in order to fake his own death. kranz goes to berlin and bribes a plastic surgeon, dr goodman, to re-model his facial features. after months of work, kranz is transformed into a different, and much more handsome, looking man. with a fake identity, kranz returns to england and seeks out elinor with the intention of seducing and then humiliating her. with his new face, kranz adopts a warmer, more charming manner and inwardly his previously dour character begins to soften. elinor falls in love with him and to his surprise, he discovers his feelings for her are heading the same way. kranz realizes that elinor never married him for his wealth and that it was the cold, heartless manner of his prior self that drove her away the first time. kranz decides he is prepared to forget the past and embarks on his new life and love with elinor.
corpus document32
sunny
marylin miller plays the part of an american circus performer, doing her act in a british circus, who is engaged to a man she does not love. a former boyfriend, played by lawrence gray, stops by to see her before taking boat back to the united states. miller realizing that she loves gray, decides to run away. she embarks on the same boat that lawrence takes. her father, who realizes what his daughter has done, reaches the boat just as it is about to leave and manages to board it. while on board, gray becomes engaged to be married to a wealthy socialite (barbara bedford). miller learns that she will not be allowed to disembark in the united states without a passport. in order to land, miller marries an american friend, intending to divorce him as soon as she is safely inside the united states. after arriving in the states, miller tells gray about her love for him. bedford overhears them and tells gray that she will announce their engagement at a party that very night. disappointed, miller decides to return to england, but gray proposes to her just as she is about to leave.
corpus document33
sweet kitty bellairs
kitty bellairs (claudia dell), a famous flirt of her day, comes to bath for the season. early on in the film she declares that "in spite of her thirty or forty affairs, i've lost not a bit of my virtue." her path is strewn with a number of conquests, including an enamored highwayman, a lord and some others who hang on her every word. a highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to bath and is immediately raptured by kitty bellairs. he trades the loot from the passengers for a kiss from kitty who feels she should "yield" in order to save the life of lord varney (walter pidgeon), who has gallantly come to defend her honor. in spite of this, lord varney draws his sword and ends up losing the fight when he loses his sword, upon which the highwayman declares, "blood is not a pretty sight for tender eyes, retrieve your sword while i go about my business." he proceeds to kiss kitty who declares she considers herself not to have been kissed at all, upon which the highwayman kisses her several times and slips a ring on her finger leaving her enraptured. lord varney, however, is in love with kitty himself but is extremely bashful and shy. the film then progresses to the city of bath, where the inhabitants sing an amusing song about their daily lives, and the proceeds to a dance which kitty is attending. she meets captain o'hara (perry askam) who declares his love for her. when lord varney approaches and asks for his dance from kitty, captain o'hara declares that "it 'was' his dance" and whisks her away. lord varney is approached by his friend who laughs at his shyness. nevertheless, lord varney declares his love for her and decides to write a love poem to kitty. the film then proceeds to the next day and we see kitty being tended to by her maid while chatting with her hairdresser about her three lovers. she describes them and asks his opinion on whom she should choose. the film then proceeds to the house of lady julia standish (june collyer) on whom kitty is paying a call. lady julia's husband is neglecting her and kitty gives her advice on how to make her husband interested once again. her husband, sir jasper standish (ernest torrence) arrives from a trip to find her dressed elegantly as if expecting a caller. meanwhile, kitty places a love note addressed to her in a conspicuous place with a lock of red hair and leaves the house. through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals she at length decides on a lord instead of a highwayman. lord varney, hearing that kitty was visiting lady standish, comes to call on kitty at lord standish's house. lord standish immediately assumes that he is fooling around with his wife and insults him so that he must fight a duel "according to the code" in order to uphold his honor. the report of the scandal soon flies through the town and we are taken to a bath where everyone is talking about the supposed affair. kitty happens to be there and as soon as she hears the story she begins to fear for the life of lord varney, whom she now realizes is the one she really loves. through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals, as well as outrageous pre-code comedy, satire and drama, kitty and lord varney are at length united. the film contains several examples of pre-code humor. in one scene, an obviously gay hairdresser is talking to kitty bellairs about her love affairs. kitty asks him which man she should choose and the hairdresser says she should choose the highwayman because he prefers "a manly man." in another scene, kitty teaches her friend how to get her husband to pay attention to her. her instructions include wearing parisian negligee and finding another lover.
corpus document34
sweet mama
when the film begins we find alice white stranded several hundred miles away from new york with a burlesque troupe. she receives a telegraph that her boyfriend, played by david manners, is in jail. white boards a train headed for new york without a ticket because she has no money. when the conductor discovers she has no ticket she is almost thrown off the train. a detective, played by robert elliott, befriends white and offers to let white borrow the money she needs for a ticket. when she arrives in new york she finds that manners has been bailed out by a friend and is working for kenneth thomson, playing as a gangster who runs a nightclub. white is disappointed to find that her boyfriend is working for criminals. she gets some money from manners to pay back elliott for the money he gave her for a train ticket. elliott notices that she is paying with bills that have been reported stolen. white confesses everything she knows to the detective about her boyfriend and his new employer. elliott asks white to get a job at the nightclub so that she can get evidence against the gangsters and in return he promises to clear her boyfriend of any wrongdoing. white easily gets a job singing and dancing at the club. eventually she hears plans about a bank robbery and reports everything to elliott. when the gangster attempt to rob the bank they realize that the police are watching and waiting and conclude that someone has informed the police ahead of time. thompson suspects that white has informed the police. in order to save her, manners implicates himself and the gangsters get ready to stage an accidental suicide for him. they plan to throw manners out of the window of thompson's penthouse apartment. white informs the police and arrives in the nick of time to save manners. thompson, realizing now that the police have ample evidence against him, attempts to escape and is shot by the police. manners and white are happily reunited and the film ends.
corpus document35
the texan
a young bandit called the llano kid (gary cooper) is wanted by the law and has a price on his head. after stopping in at the local blacksmith, john brown (james a. marcus), a highly religious man who fancies himself a sheriff, the kid gets into a poker game during which he notices a young gambler cheating, confronts him, and is forced to kill him in self-defense. the kid is then pursued by sheriff brown and is almost apprehended, but is able to get the draw on the zealous lawman. as the kid leaps into the saddle, sheriff brown pledges, "god will deliver you into my hands." later aboard a train, the kid meets an unscrupulous lawyer named thacker (oscar apfel), who convinces him to pose as the son of señora ibarra (emma dunn), a wealthy south american widow whose son enrique disappeared fifteen years earlier. having set himself up as the widow's agent hired to find the lost son, thacker plans to return with her "son" and swindle the widow's gold in the process. soon the two men set sail aboard a schooner to south america, where they arrive at señora ibarra's family hacienda in a little seaport town of buenas tierras. with his basic spanish speaking skills, new sideburns, and tattooed hand (similar to enriques), the kid is able to pass himself off as enrique, the long lost son of señora ibarra. their plans are interrupted, however, when the kid meets and falls in love with his lovely "niece" consuelo (fay wray). softened by señora ibarra's affection for him, and his newfound love, he begins to have second doubts about the scheme. when the kid learns that señora ibarra's son was in fact the very man he shot in self-defense in the saloon, he calls off his deal with thacker. angered by this turn of events, thacker organizes a gang to steal the gold outright. meanwhile, sheriff brown arrives at buenas tierras, having finally tracked down the llano kid, who has been "delivered into his hands". he waits until nightfall before making the arrest. during the ensuing gunfight, the kid is wounded, and thacker is killed. afterwards, brown has a change of heart after seeing the kid's true character and courage. the sheriff agrees to keep the kid's identity secret so enrique can continue his life with his new family.
corpus document36
they learned about women
big-league baseball players jerry and jack are also pretty good at singing. they perform in a vaudeville show, where both fall in love with mary, a dancer, while a second woman tries to come between them before the next world series.
corpus document37
those three french girls
while on holiday in a small french town, an englishman (denny) encounters three french girls (d'orsay, d'avril, and ravel) and two american men (edwards and brophy).
corpus document38
those who dance
monte blue plays as a police detective who is after a famous gangster (played by william boyd). he disguises himself and lives in the very house of the famous gangster by pretending he is an out-of-town gangster who has just murdered someone. he pretends he is the sweetheart of an innocent girl (played by lila lee) who suspects her brother has been framed for murder by monte blue. blue's moll, played by betty compson, is also in on the conspiracy as she had become fed up with his cheating, lying and brutal treatment. the life of lee's brother, who has been sentenced to death in the electric chair, depends on them getting evidence against boyd.
corpus document39
three faces east
the story takes place during world war i. the action opens on a french battlefield. after meeting with german spy schiller blacher (erich von stroheim), z-1 (constance bennett) is sent on a mission to england. the action then moves into the london home of sir winston chamberlain (william holden- no relation to the 1950s star of the same name). sir winston does not know that his supposedly faithful butler, vardar, is actually blacher. when z-1, as frances hawtree, arrives at the home, vardar, who is in love with her, believes her to be a loyal german agent, but things turn out otherwise when she prevents him from sending a stolen code back to germany and thus reveals her true allegiance.
corpus document40
tom sawyer
after arguing with his sweetheart, becky thatcher, tom sawyer seeks solace from his friend huck finn, who tells him about a mysterious cure for warts that requires them to visit the local cemetery at midnight. while there they witness a murder committed by injun joe, who convinces muff potter, who also was there but in an inebriated state, that he is guilty of the crime. tom and huck promise each other they will not divulge what they have seen. when tom is caught lying about stealing his half-brother sid's crabapples, his aunt polly punishes him by making him whitewash the fence on a saturday morning. the boy leads his friends to believe he is enjoying the task, and before long they are giving him their treasures in exchange for the privilege of joining in the fun. together with huck and joe harper, tom runs away from home to become a pirate. the three set off on a raft to jacksons island in the mississippi river, where they remain for three days. upon returning home, tom discovers it was thought the three had drowned, and the boys attend their own funeral service at the church. at muff potter's trial, tom admits the truth about the murder, but injun joe manages to escape. while attending the school picnic near a cavern, tom and becky decide to explore it and get lost. as they try to find their way out, they stumble upon injun joe and a chest of gold. while angrily pursuing the two children, he falls into a crevasse and is killed. huck finds tom and becky and leads them to safety, together with the treasure.
corpus document41
troopers three
eddie haskins (lease), a wisecracking young man, teams up with two ham-acrobats known as 'bugs & sunny' (karns and summerville). when they are all kicked out of a vaudeville theater in california, they enlist in the u. s. cavalry. eddie falls in love with dorothy clark (gulliver), the daughter of a sergeant and, following a moonlight tryst, they are discovered by sergeant hank darby (london) who himself is in love with dorothy. they have a fist-fight in which eddie comes out second best. when darby is reprimanded for fighting with an enlisted man, the troopers incorrectly think that eddie squealed on him, and they punish him with a conspiracy of silence. dorothy also rejects him. eddie has a problem. maybe a fire will break out in the stables and he can rescue sergeant darby.
corpus document42
the unholy three
a sideshow is closed by the police after tweedledee (harry earles), the embittered "twenty inch man", kicks a young boy, starting a riot. echo, the ventriloquist, proposes that tweedledee, the strongman hercules (ivan linow), and he leave and, as "the unholy three", use their talents to commit crimes. echo also takes along his pickpocket girlfriend rosie (lila lee) and his gorilla, whom hercules fears. echo disguises himself as mrs. o'grady, a kindly old grandmother who runs a pet shop. tweedledee pretends to be her baby grandson, and hercules her son-in-law. they use the information they gain from their wealthier patrons to rob them. echo is the leader and brains behind the outfit, but his bossy ways leave the other two resentful. meanwhile, the shop's clerk, hector mcdonald (elliott nugent), falls in love with rosie. the gang is ready to pull off a theft on christmas eve. when echo decides to postpone it, tweedledee and hercules go ahead without him. afterwards, tweedledee gleefully recounts how they not only robbed but also killed the wealthy mr. arlington, despite his pleas for mercy. worried about the police, they decide to frame hector by planting a stolen necklace in his closet. that same night, hector asks rosie to marry him. ashamed of her past, she pretends she was only leading him on for a laugh. after he leaves, she starts crying; he returns, sees that she really does love him, and they become engaged. however, hector is arrested for murder. still frightened, the unholy trio hide out in an isolated cabin in the country, forcibly taking rosie with them. rosie pleads with echo to exonerate hector somehow in exchange for her returning to him. tweedledee tries to persuade hercules to shoot them both, but the strongman refuses. echo, as "grandma" o'grady, shows up at the trial and tries to provide an alibi, but slips up and his disguise is discovered. he makes a full confession and receives a sentence of one to five years. back at the cabin, tweedledee overhears hercules offering rosie a chance to run away with him (and the loot), so he lets loose the gorilla; hercules murders tweedledee before he himself is killed by the ape. rosie escapes. as echo is being taken to prison, rosie promises to wait for him, honoring their agreement. realizing she loves hector, he generously tells her not to.
corpus document43
up the river
two convicts, st. louis (spencer tracy) and dannemora dan (warren hymer) befriend another convict named steve (humphrey bogart), who is in love with woman's-prison inmate judy (claire luce). steve is paroled, promising judy that he will wait for her release five months later. he returns to his hometown in new england and his mother's home. however, he is followed there by judy's former "employer", the scam artist frosby (gaylord pendleton). frosby threatens to expose steve's prison record if the latter refuses to go along with a scheme to defraud his neighbors. steve goes along with it until frosby defrauds his mother. fortunately, at this moment st. louis and dannemora dan have broken out of prison and come to steve's aid, taking away a gun he planned to use on the fraudster, instead stealing back bonds stolen by frosby. they return to prison in time for its annual baseball game against a rival penitentiary. the film closes with st. louis on the pitcher's mound with his catcher, dannemora dan, presumably ready to lead their team to victory.[1][2]
corpus document44
the vagabond king
the story takes place in medieval france. king louis xi (o. p. heggie), hoping to enlist the french peasants in his upcoming battle against the burgundians, appoints françois villon (dennis king) king of france for one day. despite being successful against the burgundians, françois villon is sentenced to hang by king louis xi for writing derogatory verses about him... jeanette macdonald is katherine, the high-born girl whom villon pines for, while huguette, a tavern wench (lillian roth) gives up her life to save her beloved poet.
corpus document45
viennese nights
the film begins in vienna in the year 1890 and we find that walter pidgeon, alexander gray and bert roach, who are three close friends, are going to join the austrian army. eventually, pidgeon become a lieutenant and as a superior officer he is forced to distance himself from his two former friends. gray and pidgeon end up falling in love with a poor girl, played by vivienne segal, who is the daughter of a cobbler. although segal truly loves gray, she chooses to marry pidgeon because of his wealth and position, believing that money and the social mobility that goes with it will bring her happiness. gray is heartbroken and travels to the united states with his friend roach. gray gets a job playing violin in an orchestra but struggles to support his wife and child. in the course of time, segal travels to the united states and meets gray and their love is rekindled. gray learns of segal's unhappy marriage and they plan to make a new life together. segal, however, discovers that gray is married and has a child. feeling sorry for gray's son, she sacrifices her happiness and returns to pidgeon, her husband. the film now progresses forty years in time to the year 1930. segal is now a grandmother and she is planning for her granddaughter, played by alice day, to marry a wealthy man since the family's fortunes are now on the wane. day, however, falls in love with a composer, who happens to be the grandson of gray. segal immediately recalls her romance with gray and of the mistake she once made. she consents to her granddaughters marriage and reminiscences about the man she really loves, who is now dead. one day after the wedding, while at the park, segal sees gray and her spirit walks off with him and leaves her body. the film ends as she is finally reunited with her long lost love.
corpus document46
the virtuous sin
marya is the wife of medical student victor sablin, who finds it impossible to deal with military life when he is inducted into the russian army during world war i. with her husband is sentenced to death by firing squad due to his insubordination, marya offers herself to general gregori platoff in order to save him. when the two unexpectedly fall in love, victor — not caring that his life has been spared — threatens to kill his rival. his determination to eliminate the general falters when marya confesses she is not in love with her husband — and never was.
corpus document47
war nurse
during world war i, a small diverse group of young american women leave for france to answer the urgent need for nurses, despite having little or no experience. under the leadership of socialite mrs. townsend (hopper), they turn an abandoned building into a hospital. they are soon joined by teenage blonde joy meadows (page) (who later divulges to a patient she is "nearly nineteen"). initially, she is teased for being inexperienced and coming from a privileged background. she is welcomed by barbara "babs" whitney (walker). babs attracts the persistent interest of lieutenant wally o'brien (montgomery), a fighter pilot. joy has difficulty adjusting to the violent conditions and starts to miss her easy life on the lower east side in manhattan after meeting a wounded new york soldier, robbie neil (ames). she considers giving up, but mrs. townsend assures her that she will get used to it. wally attempts to court babs, but she is not vulnerable to his advances. they get acquainted, however, after babs falls off of her bicycle and wally takes care of her injured ankle. as the months pass, joy falls in love with robbie. she dreams of getting married and having babies, and is certain that robbie will soon ask her. babs finally agrees to go out with wally on her first leave since she arrived in france. the four go to a party, along with brooklyn-born nurse rosalie parker (prevost) and wally's friend frank stevens (nugent). the other four leave first. on their way (in a car wally "borrows"), the couple are subjected to a bomber attack; and babs finally kisses wally in the heat of the moment. when they arrive at the party, two drunk men maul her, so they return to her quarters. wally wants to sleep with her, but babs rejects him. they get into a major fight when he makes it clear he intends no serious relationship, only to live for the moment, knowing he may be killed at any time. the next morning, wally announces to babs that he is leaving on a mission over germany. babs is left wondering if she should have given in, while joy believes she is engaged to robbie. shortly after, joy is told that robbie is already married. devastated, she arranges to be transferred to another hospital. older nurse "kansas" (eddy) is killed by artillery while they are moving to a new location. joy takes to partying wildly, even with married men, in paris, causing such a scandal that mrs. townsend decides she has no choice but to send her back to america. desperate to remain, joy turns to babs for help; babs gives her an unofficial position. one day, joy is shocked to find robbie among their patients. he tells her that he has always loved her, then asks her to pray for him before dying. this soon causes joy to crack under the pressure. the hospital is bombed, resulting in many deaths. later, joy dies after giving birth to a son. babs takes charge of the baby and considers naming him wally. after the war ends, the adult wally returns after being freed from a german prisoner-of-war camp, and tacitly admits he loves babs.
corpus document48
the way of all men
billy bear (fairbanks) is a broker's clerk who has recently been fired because some information has been leaked to a rival broker. billy goes to work with the rival broker, offering him valuable information about his former employer. fairbanks falls in love with his employer's daughter, edna (mathews), a wealthy socialite. billy abandons his old girlfriend, poppy (revier), who is a showgirl. one a hot summer's day, billy goes to a luxurious underground bar, run by stratton (beery). a tornado descends on the town, the river rises, and suddenly they find themselves trapped in the bar by a break in the levee which pours the flood waters through the streets of the town, which is situated below sea level. a number of people flee into the bar just before the steel flood doors are closed and locked tight, making the place air-tight and safe from water. the film now focuses on the people trapped in the bar and how they act when they are facing circumstances where they are all facing death in a matter of hours. the majority of the trapped people completely change their normal way of acting and attempt to make amends for the things they regret having done. billy asks poppy for her forgiveness and professes his love for her. the two brokers, who have been lifelong enemies, shake hands. an ex-minister converts a crooked politician who had destroyed his home. stratton's bartender confesses to him that he has been stealing money from the cash register. stratton confesses that perhaps he hasn't been paying his bartender as much as he should have. as everyone begins to realize that their oxygen is running out, they decide to open the flood gates, preferring a quick death to a drawn-out one. when the gates are open, everyone is surprised to find that the sun is shining and they are free from danger. the majority of those that were trapped quickly return to their original traits and old enmities are renewed once again. billy, however, does not go back on his promise of marrying poppy and the two are happily united.
corpus document49
way out west
windy, a sideshow barker, cheats a group of cowboys out of their pay, but is then robbed himself. when the cowboys discover they have been cheated, they initially decide to hang him, then decide to make him work off his debt. he falls in love with ranch owner molly, and when he saves her life after she is bitten by a rattlesnake, he wins her heart.[2]
corpus document50
what a man!
a british ex-grenadier guards officer moves to america, but struggles to find work. after he is employed as a chauffeur to a wealthy family, he falls in love with his employer's daughter.
corpus document51
what men want
lee joyce tells her lover, howard lemoyne, that she is actually in love with another man, kendall james. as soon as her breakup happens, lee's younger sister betty turns up and kendall becomes infatuated with her instead. in anger, lee shatters her sister's romance by revealing her previous affair with kendall, after which lee tries to return to howard.
corpus document52
wide open
unassertive bookkeeper simon haldane (horton) is the butt of everyone's jokes at work. co-worker agatha (louise fazenda) is desperately in love with him. one rainy night, agatha's mother, with agatha in tow, visits him at home to insist that he marry her. outside, two detectives chase a mysterious young woman (miller), who eludes them by slipping unnoticed into simon's house and hiding in a closet. when the detectives enter the premises, simon manages to get rid of them and agatha and her mother. simon discovers the intruder, who calls herself doris, in her undergarments after she emerges from hiding to dry her clothes in front of a fireplace. having absolutely no interest in women, he makes flustered attempts to get rid of her. doris responds by pretending to faint. a doctor (lloyd ingraham) is summoned; he insists the woman not be moved for several days. simon gives her his bed and sleeps in another room. easter (louise beavers), simon's maid, shows up the next morning. she hears the sound of a woman's voice emerging from simon's bedroom and assumes that he must have gotten married. when a co-worker telephones to find out why simon is late for work, easter answers and passes along the misconception. at the office of the faulkner phonograph company, the rest of the staff, led by obnoxious salesman bob wyeth, congratulate him. that night, they invade simon's house against his will in party hats with confetti and throw a riotous celebration, during which agatha gets drunk and pitifully sings "nobody cares if i'm blue." doris finally gets them to leave. as time goes by, simon reconsiders his indifference to women. he is therefore crestfallen when doris leaves one day without warning. easter tells him she called for a taxi, but went off with wyeth when he offered a ride to the train station. when mr. faulkner (frank beal) returns unexpectedly early, he begins a major shakeup at his struggling firm. simon is summoned for a meeting. expecting to be fired, he is shocked when it turns out that faulkner has somehow learned of his ideas for saving the company and is promoting him to general manager, replacing trundle. simon soon has the company back on its feet. when wyeth returns from a business trip, he is unimpressed by simon's promotion. simon, believing wyeth has stolen doris's affections, asserts his authority by punching wyeth in the face several times. then faulkner has another surprise for him. he introduces simon to his daughter julia, who turns out to be doris. julia explains that they had suspected trundle of undermining the company, but could not examine the books without alerting him. so she instead examined the ledgers that simon brought home to work on, which confirmed the sabotage. faulkner gives simon a half interest in the company, but is pleased when simon offers it back in exchange for a delighted julia.
corpus document53
the widow from chicago
two detectives, played by john elliot and harold goodwin, board a train in pursuit of a gangster, who is played by neil hamilton. hamilton is travelling to new york to work for edward g. robinson, a notorious gangster who owns a nightclub. hamilton jumps off the train near a bridge crossing and since no trace of him can be found the police believe him to be dead. goodwin assumes hamilton's identity and joins robinson's gang but is quickly discovered to be an imposter and shot. determined to find out who killed her brother, alice white poses as hamilton's widow and attempts to get a job at robinson's nightclub. hamilton eventually shows up and white is almost exposed as an imposter. hamilton, however, is eventually persuaded by white and he promises not to tell robinson the truth. white and hamilton fall in love. during a hold-up, white protects hamilton by shooting at a cop in the back. hamilton begins to think of reforming due to white's influence. white eventually gets robinson to confess that he shot her brother by pretending to be interested in him. she leaves the phone off the hook while the police listen in on his confession. when the police show up, robinson realizes what white has done and uses white as a shield against the police but hamilton manages to save white and robinson is forced to surrender to the police.
corpus document54
young eagles
lieutenant robert banks (buddy rogers), a young american aviator in the lafayette escadrille, on leave in paris, meets mary gordon (jean arthur), a young american living abroad. their romance is cut short by his return to the front. in an air battle, robert brings down and captures von baden, nicknamed the "grey eagle" (paul lukas), and takes him to allied headquarters in paris, to obtain intelligence on german plans. mary, ostensibly a spy for the germans, drugs robert, who awakens to find that his uniform has been stolen by von baden. later, in another air conflict, von baden is wounded, but shoots down robert's aircraft. the german rescues him, however, and takes him to an allied hospital, assuring him of mary's love; his faith in her is restored when robert learns that mary is actually an american spy.
corpus document55
young man of manhattan
jealousy comes between a young couple of newspaper people when the wife earns more money and becomes more famous than her husband. especially his alcohol addiction becomes the dividing element, whereas the young puff randolph girl chasing him, and her editor falling in love with her are merely elements that challenge their love.
corpus document56
24 hours
at an evening party in new york city, the towners mourn their failing marriage, then leave separately. the somewhat drunk jim walks to a bar for some more liquor. before he arrives, a man is shot to death outside the establishment; those inside hastily carry the body inside and surmise that someone named tony is responsible. meanwhile, fanny is driven home by her lover, david melbourn. on the way, she breaks up with him, telling him she realizes now that she still loves jim. however, she plans to leave her husband, thinking she is not good enough for him. jim next heads to a nightclub to see his lover, star singer rosie duggan. he asks her if it is possible for a man to love two women, then remarks that the snow was red outside the bar. after he leaves, her ex-con husband tony bruzzi shows up. he wants her to take him back, but she has him thrown out, though she keeps his gun; she guesses from the red snow that tony killed someone. later, she takes jim home. he falls asleep on her chaise longue. then tony shows up, jealous and determined to kill jim. she tells him that jim is not there, but he does not believe her. when she refuses to open a locked door, they struggle and he accidentally kills her. the next morning, jim wakes up and finds rosie's body. meanwhile, tony hides out at mrs. dacklehorst's place, but he is tracked down by dave the slapper and his gang; the man tony shot was part of dave's mob. tony demands mrs. dacklehorst deliver or mail a letter to his gang, but she betrays him instead, and he is shot dead. jim is charged with rosie's murder. when fanny shows up at the police station, jim tells her to divorce him so she will not get entangled in his troubles, but she refuses to do so. fortunately, fingerprints on a liquor bottle at rosie's place match tony's, and jim is released. the couple reconcile, and jim promises to stop drinking.
corpus document57
alexander hamilton
the story depicts hamilton's (george arliss) efforts to pass the "assumption bill", which required the federal government to assume the debts incurred by the 13 states during the american revolutionary war, and his agreement to a compromise by passage of the residence bill establishing the national capital.[2]
corpus document58
ambassador bill
bill harper (rogers) plays an american ambassador. after his arrival in a small country that is besieged by civil unrest, he befriends the young boy (tad alexander) who is to be the country's king.
corpus document59
annabelle's affairs
after they are separated shortly after their marriage, annabelle doesn't really know what her husband looks like. when they meet later she finds herself falling in love with him, without realizing that they are already married.
corpus document60
are these our children?
eddie brand (eric linden) is a high school student in new york city. after he loses an oratory contest about the u.s. constitution, he becomes depressed and leaves his girl friend mary (rochelle hudson) to take up with flo carnes (arline judge) and her hardcore friends, maybelle (roberta gale), agnes (mary kornman), nick crosby (ben alexander) and bennie gray (bobby quirk), in spite of his grandmother's warnings. he and his new crowd of friends get drunk on gin in jazz clubs and dance halls, and start robbing strangers for cash. eddie drops out of school and become more and more dependent on liquor. one night, eddie, needing a drink, shoots an old family friend, heinrich "heinie" krantz (william orlamond), who has refused to sell him a bottle of booze. when eddie, nick and bennie are arrested for the murder, nick blurts out the truth on the witness stand, and eddie is given the death penalty, with nick and bennie given life sentences.
corpus document61
arizona
while at west point, bob denton rebuffs evelyn palmer, who shows up later as the wife of his commanding officer in arizona.
corpus document62
arrowsmith
an idealistic young medical student named martin arrowsmith (ronald colman) makes a favorable impression on dr. max gottlieb (a. e. anson). when arrowsmith graduates, gottlieb offers him a position as his research assistant, but the young man reluctantly has to turn him down. he has fallen in love with nurse leora (helen hayes), and the salary is not enough to support the couple. instead, he marries leora and sets up his medical practice in her rural home town. one day, he develops a serum to cure a fatal cow disease ravaging the nearby herds. reinvigorated, he decides to join gottlieb at the mcgurk institute in new york. meanwhile, leora miscarries and, to the couple's sorrow, is unable to have any more children, so she devotes herself to supporting her husband's mission. when there is an outbreak of bubonic plague in the west indies, gottlieb believes that arrowsmith's experience with his cow serum would prove invaluable. eager to help mankind, arrowsmith goes to a caribbean island to work with scientist gustav sondelius (richard bennett) in his struggle to save the natives. leora accompanies him, despite his fear for her safety. sir robert fairland (lumsden hare) refuses to let arrowsmith perform an experiment by only treating half of the people with the serum in order to test the effectiveness of the cure. howard university-educated dr. oliver marchand (clarence brooks) offers them the people of his island as test subjects. among the participants in the experiment is mrs. joyce lanyon (myrna loy), a new yorker stranded on the island who is attracted to arrowsmith. sondelius contracts the disease; just before he dies, he pleads with arrowsmith to save as many lives as possible by abandoning the scientific protocol. the young doctor becomes worried about his wife. he goes to see her, but too late; she too has succumbed to the plague. arrowsmith then decides to give the serum to all, saving many lives. on arrowsmith's return to new york, dr. tubbs (claude king), the head of the mcgurk institute, is eager to bask in his reflected glory. however, when gottlieb suffers a stroke during the reception in arrowsmith's honor, arrowsmith decides to quit the institute and join his friend and co-worker terry wickett (russell hopton) in a makeshift lab doing real research.
corpus document63
the avenger
in 1849, joaquin murietta (buck jones) is determined to track down the three men, black kelly (otto hoffman), ike mason (edward peil sr.) and al goss (walter percival), who lynched his brother. as "the black shadow," he robs the rich, gives to the poor, and romances the new school teacher helen lake (dorothy revier).[2]
corpus document64
bachelor apartment
wayne carter is a new york playboy, who pays no attention to the marital status of his many dalliances. however, there are some women whose attention he attempts to avoid, one such being the married agatha carraway. helene and lita andrews are small town girls who have come to the big city in order to find fame and fortune. helene is much more sensible than her younger sister, lita, who is a bit flighty. eventually, lita believes she has a millionaire interested in her, carter. when she goes to have dinner at his apartment, an alarmed helene goes to track her down to prevent anything untoward from occurring. however, upon her arrival, she discovers that lita has really attracted the attention of carter's butler, rollins, with whom she is having dinner. carter is entranced with the sensible, earnest helene. discovering she is in need of employment, he offers her a job in his office as an executive secretary. she at first refuses, cautious about his intentions, but in need of work, she eventually relents and accepts the position. their mutual attraction grows, and carter is seemingly beginning to give up his libidinous liaisons, until one afternoon when carter asks her over to his apartment, not on a personal level, but to take some dictation. again leery, she agrees and meets him at his apartment, and all is going well until the flirtatious agatha shows up at the apartment. when her husband shows up shortly after, and agatha hides in the bedroom while the two men have a discussion about marital issues, helene once again becomes disenchanted with carter, and resigns her position. realizing that he is truly in love with helene, carter is relentless in attempting to convince her of his sincerity, and of his deep feelings for her. eventually, she comes to believe him, and agrees to meet him at his apartment. unfortunately, agatha is also relentless, and shows up once again. this time, when her husband shows up slightly later, he is armed and threatens carter, since he knows his wife is hiding in the bedroom. to save carter, helene, who was with agatha in the bedroom, exits, and swears that she is the only woman in the apartment. mollified, carraway leaves. after agatha also departs, carter is relieved and thinks everything is all right, but helene is upset over the entire episode, and leaves deeply upset. carter is distraught, thinking he has lost the woman he loves. helene rebuffs all of his attempts to win her back. nothing works, until lita runs off to live in sin with a musical producer, lee graham. carter had introduced the two, in an attempt to further endear himself to helene, since he found out that lita dreamed of being a stage performer. helene is beside herself with worry, since she has no idea on how to find lita and graham. she turns to carter, who tracks them down, and reunites the two sisters. helene finally understands that carter is being sincere, and accepts his proposal of marriage.
corpus document65
the bachelor father
ageing english bachelor sir basil winterton (c. aubrey smith) suddenly has his hands full when his three grown (illegitimate) children return. tony (marion davies) is a sharp tongued new yorker, maria is an aspiring opera singer and ray milland is the son. tony and basil grow fond of each other, as do tony and ashley, but sir basil's lawyer strikes when tony learns that she is not really the daughter of sir basil. sir basil soon learns of the mistake and confronts tony. she leaves basil's estate and on flying back to the united states her plane crashes on take-off as sir basil reads a telegram that tony sent before she boarded the plane. it explained that she loved him very much and she was sorry for what had happened. luckily tony has survived the disaster and is carried into sir basil's living room to rest by ashley. the film ends happily with sir basil promising to adopt tony and ashley promising to make her his wife.
corpus document66
bad company
rich and beautiful helen king is about to marry steve carlyle, a wealthy young professional. unknown to helen and her family, steve is a legal advisor to a megalomaniac gangster goldie gorio. steve wishes to leave the rackets but goldie reintroduces him to his future father-in-law, a rival gangster where both parties see the marriage as a symbol of peace and an end of violence in their transactions. steve remains with goldie and fills in for him to a visit to a rival gangster's boat where he is ambushed and nearly killed by their machine gun. helen vows revenge on goldie.
corpus document67
bad girl
dorothy haley (sally eilers) and edna driggs (minna gombell) are store models, first seen in bridal clothes at their job one afternoon. after work dorothy fends off her boss, who wants to take her for a ride, by claiming to be married to a prizefighter. the girls then go to coney island. on the return steamboat trip, the women make a bet about attracting a certain man's attention, and proceed to annoy him by playing a ukulele. this man is eddie collins (james dunn); after his initial grouchy reaction to the women, he slowly forms a connection with dorothy and sees her home. eddie works in a radio shop and dreams of having a shop on his own, for which he has been saving. on a subsequent date, eddie keeps dorothy in his apartment past 4 a.m.; she fears the reaction of her abusive elder brother, who has been her guardian. eddie proposes marriage as a solution and dorothy joyfully accepts. her brother calls her a tramp and evicts her from her home. dorothy suffers some anxiety the next day, when eddie seems to have disappeared; he then turns up, having made arrangements for a new place to live, and the two are happily married. dorothy confides to edna ten weeks later that she is pregnant, but is reluctant to tell eddie the news when she learns that he is ready to open his new shop, an expensive commitment. instead she tells eddie that she'd like to return to work, to which he objects. wrongly guessing that she wants a larger place to live, eddie cancels his plans for the shop in favor of a lavish new building and new furnishings, increasing dorothy's worries. by the time eddie finally finds out he is to become a father, the two mutually misunderstand that the other is unhappy about the pregnancy, resulting in a strain on their marriage. the strain intensifies when eddie stays away from home while earning extra money and arranging for the best possible doctor, all without telling dorothy. after the child is born, dorothy plans to leave eddie; however, before that can happen the misunderstanding is cleared up, with joyful results.
corpus document68
bad sister
naive marianne madison, bored with her routine life, falls for dashing con artist valentine corliss, who has come to her small town looking for fresh marks to swindle. he soon charms her into faking her wealthy and prominent father's name on a letter of endorsement, which he presents to the other local merchants, who willingly give him merchandise. he prepares his escape, but not before conning marianne into becoming his wife. following their wedding night in a sleazy hotel, valentine abandons marianne. she returns home and begs forgiveness from her jilted fiancé dick lindley, but having seen marianne for who she really is, he informs her that he has fallen in love with her shy younger sister laura.
corpus document69
beau ideal
the last two surviving members of a french foreign legion detachment, who know each other as smith and brown, are consigned to a grain pit in the desert to die slowly. as they await death the two soldiers eventually realize that they were childhood friends, john geste (ralph forbes) and otis madison (lester vail), respectively. once they recognize one another, they have a series of flashbacks to their boyhood friendship in england. these memories are followed by otis' memory of his return to england and discovery that john has joined the french foreign legion. while in england, otis also learns that isobel landon (loretta young), who he is enamored with, is betrothed to john. despite his feelings for her, he vows to follow john to africa and return him to england. he makes arrangements and leaves for the dark continent. upon his arrival in africa, otis, and his detachment, are ordered to garrison a french fort in the desert. as hardships ensue, his fellow legionnaires begin to mutiny. otis does not participate in the uprising, instead he attempts to get the other soldiers to cease their rebellion. when the uprising is eventually thwarted, the commanders do not believe otis' story, and assume that he was part of the rebellion, and send him to a penal detail. while part of that detail, he is again falsely accused, and is thrown into the pit, along with john, which puts them both in the pit where the film begins. back in the present, as they are about to die, they are miraculously rescued by a passing band of arabs. unknown to the two friends is that the arabs intend to use them as bait to draw their fellow legionnaires into a death trap. fortunately for the friends, the girlfriend of the emir, zuleika (leni stengel), also known as "the angel of death", is attracted to otis. otis uses that attraction and agrees to marry her, after which zuleika informs him of an impending attack by the arabs on the nearby fort, and then helps otis and john to escape. the two legionnaires race to the fort, and help to repel the arab attack, which earns both of them their freedom. otis now has to face up to his commitment to zuleika. however, she has now transferred her affections to major lebaudy (hale hamilton), which allows otis to be relieved of his matrimonial duties. free from any entanglements, the two friends return to england. once there, john releases isobel from their betrothal, which clears the way for her and otis to marry.
corpus document70
behind office doors
mary linden (mary astor) is a receptionist at a paper milling company, who is secretly in love with one of the salesmen, james duneen (robert ames). her extensive knowledge of the paper industry, the mill and its clients allows her to have input in company operations far outweighing her job title. as the president of the company, ritter (charles sellon), approaches retirement, mary uses her skill in company politics to enable james to make some important sales coups, after which she begins a fifth-column attempt to get him named as the next president. james, for his part, is grateful to her for her help, but is completely oblivious to her romantic interest in him, preferring more the party girl type. when ritter does retire, james wins the position, and mary is promoted to be his personal secretary. still unaware of her feelings, he hires his latest party girl, daisy (edna murphy), to work in the office, and report to mary. mary is upset by this turn of events, but remains faithful to james, assisting him with running the company. in fact, it is her knowledge and acumen which makes the company successful. mary even spurns the advances of several men, including the wealthy ronnie wales (ricardo cortez), who, although married, is estranged from his wife and wishes to pursue an affair with mary. however, when james becomes engaged to the daughter of a wealthy banker, ellen may robinson (catherine dale owen), that is the straw which breaks mary's resolve. she resigns from the company, and eventually agrees to go away with ronnie for an assignation in atlantic city. the paper mill suffers terribly from a lack of good management, since most of james' success was due to mary's guidance. james tracks her down before she can give in to the advances of ronnie, and begs mary to return. she is reluctant, until she discovers that james has broken off his engagement with ellen, and upon her return to the company she is not only met with a job offer, but also a marriage proposal from him.
corpus document71
beyond victory
on the western front during world war i, an american battalion advances to the french town of nevremont, where it is outflanked. sergeant bill thatcher (bill boyd) is left in charge of a small rear guard of four men to cover the battalion's retreat before it is cut off. during heavy shelling, bill tries to comfort his men after each is wounded. the first, "bud" (russell gleason), relates his story of how he joined the military, leaving the family farm to enlist, despite his mother's pleas for him not to become involved in foreign conflicts. as he finishes his story, he dies. the second doughboy, lew cavanaugh (lew cody), is a new york playboy who used enlistment as a way to have a final night of pleasure with one of his conquests, never realizing that he would die on a french battlefield. the third american, the unsoldierly jim mobley (james gleason), is not as badly wounded as the other two soldiers and tells his story of his wife's displeasure after he announces his intention to enlist and his own consternation at his inability explain to her why. thatcher then relates his own story, where he was engaged to a german immigrant back in the united states but did not wed her due to their differences over the "great war". shortly after, the germans attack again, during which bill and jim defend their position and blow up a bridge to cover the retreat of their battalion, but are badly wounded. a german soldier tries to bayonet the unconscious bill but is stopped by another soldier. both are captured and sent to a german hospital, where bill is discovered by his erstwhile fiancé, katherine (lissi arna). she saves his life by persuading the german doctor to allow bill, slowly bleeding to death but not allowed a transfusion because too many german patients are in need of one, to be transfused with her blood. after the armistice, with bill recovered and decorated along with jim for the defense of nevremont, they celebrate the end of the fighting with katherine.
corpus document72
the big shot
a rash go-getter is duped by would-be swindlers into buying swamp land which turns out to be worth a fortune.
corpus document73
the black camel
movie star shelah fayne is making a picture on location in honolulu, hawaii. she summons mystic adviser tarneverro from hollywood to help her decide whether to marry wealthy alan jaynes, a man she has only known for a week. her friend julie o'neil worries, however, that the famous psychic has too much influence over her. meanwhile, julie has fallen in love herself with local publicity director jimmy bradshaw. honolulu police inspector chan pretends to be a humble merchant, but tarneverro sees through his impersonation. chan mentions to him the yet unsolved murder of film star denny mayo, committed years before. then jimmy finds shelah's body; she has been murdered. julie makes him remove shelah's ring before calling for the police. chan investigates. he invites tarneverro to assist him. tarneverro reveals that shelah told him she was in love with denny and was responsible for his death, but kept quiet to protect her career. the suspects are many, but after various startling revelations, chan eventually identifies the killer and the connection to mayo's death.
corpus document74
blonde crazy
bert harris works for a hotel as a bellboy. one day, he meets anne roberts, who signs up as a chambermaid. he takes a fancy to her and lets her in on his racket, conning people out of money. they arrange for married hotel guest a. rupert johnson jr. to be caught in a compromising position with anne and get $5000 to keep a (fake) policeman from taking him to jail. from there, they leave town and embark on ever grander crooked schemes. anne falls in love with bert, but he does not realize it until it is too late. by the time he proposes to her, she has transferred her affections to the respectable joe reynolds and marries him. bert travels around europe for a year. when he returns to the united states, he is no longer interested in crime. however, anne tracks him down and asks him for $30,000. it turns out that joe has embezzled that amount from his employer. bert does not have that much, but he comes up with a plan. he gets joe to give the keys to the office and the combination of the company safe. he will break into the safe and steal what is left. everyone will assume that he also took the $30,000 in negotiable bonds. however, joe double crosses him; he has the police waiting. bert manages to speed away in his car, but is shot and captured. when anne comes to see him in his cell, she informs him that she found out what joe did. bert persuades her not to reveal everything to the police, telling her it would not help him anyway. she vows to be waiting for him after he serves his sentence, cheering him up.
corpus document75
body and soul
in world war i, american pilots mal andrews (charles farrell), tap johnson (don dillaway) and jim watson (humphrey bogart) enrol in a royal air force squadron. mal and tap are worried that their friend jim is cheating on his new bride. when general trafford jones (ian maclaren ) arrives to evaluate the squadron, he criticizes its lack of discipline and poor effort in aerial battles. consequently, the general orders watson to undertake a near-suicidal mission to shoot down an enemy balloon for his first flight with the squadron. secretly, mal joins him aboard the aircraft and when jim is killed in the air battle, his friend manages to complete the mission and make it look like the dead pilot was a hero. at the base, jim's wife carla (elissa landi) is mistaken for "pom pom," his mistress. mal falls in love with carla and when alice lester (myrna loy), the real "pom pom", appears, she finds out that tap is about to fly a mission. lester is a german spy whose information sent to the enemy, results in tap being killed. when mal realizes that carla is jim's widow and not his mistress, he sets off on another mission, with the hope that he will return to his true love.
corpus document76
border law
captain wilks (f.r. smith) of the texas rangers orders jim houston (buck jones) and his crew, thunder rogers (frank rice) and jim's brother bob (don chapman), to go to eureka, texas to break up the shag smith (jim mason) gang.[2]
corpus document77
born to love
doris kendall (constance bennett) is an american nurse working in london during world war i. during an air raid, she meets a young american aviator, major barry craig, who is enjoying a brief leave from his duties. the two hit it off and fall in love. they plan to marry after the war, but for the moment, they simply enjoy each other's company. after a short while, craig has to return to the front. it is not long before doris receives notice that her lover has been shot down behind enemy lines and is presumed dead. disconsolate, she turns to a long-time friend and admirer, sir wilfred drake (paul cavanagh). soon it is apparent that the nights she spent with craig are more than a memory, as she is pregnant with his child. on armistice day drake proposes to doris, who at first refuses, but he eventually convinces her that it will be best for both her and the baby. they all seem happy for a time after she has the baby. the child will be the official heir to the drake estate, and the couple get along quite well. that is, until craig re-appears. when she finds out, she is torn by her marriage to drake versus her love for craig. eventually, she can't help herself and goes to see craig. when drake discovers that not only did doris go to see craig but that she is still in love with him, he divorces her and takes custody of their son. but she still does not return to craig, hoping that she will at some point be reunited with her child. two years later, doris is still distraught over the way things have turned out. she has been forbidden to see her son during this time, but finally gets permission from drake. however, when she arrives, she discovers that her son has died. suicidal, she begins to wander the streets, until she is found by craig, who is still in love with her, and whom she finally agrees to marry.
corpus document78
bought
raised in poverty by a never-married mother, stephanie dale resents her mother's working-class sensibilities. dreaming of a rich lifestyle stephanie gets a job modeling as a modiste shop. executive david meyer notices her and is immediately attracted to her. one day stephanie returns home to find that her mother has died. she moves out and finds an apartment in a good location for meeting celebrities. david and stephanie get involved and his wealth allows her to indulge in luxuries. they share an interest in books, but she's put off by his age, clothes, and manners. young, handsome nick amory is also interested in stephanie, but she prefers david's wealth and interests. one day david notices a photograph of stephanie's mother and realizes that he is her father--but keeps this information secret as he helps his daughter meet wealthy socialites. at one of the many parties she attends, she meets charles carter jr., immediately falls in love, and tells david she plans to marry charles. when nick finally gets a raise he proposes to stephanie, but she rejects him. all is going well as stephanie and charles plan their wedding--until charles discovers that stephanie's parents were never married. he promptly cancels the wedding. this makes stephanie realize how shallow society people truly are. one day she receives a book from david and visits him to apologize for her past regrettable behavior. while she is browsing through his library, she discovers that nick has been waiting there to see her. they reconcile and stephanie finally learns that david is her father. the film ends with david arranging his daughter's wedding to nick.[2]
corpus document79
branded
dale (buck jones) and sidekick 'swede' (john oscar) break up a stage robbery only to be arrested for the robbery. escaping to a new town they make an enemy of moore (albert j. smith).[2]
corpus document80
broadminded
brown plays ossie, a new york city playboy sent to california to straighten himself out. he and his cousin, while driving west, pay too much attention to a sedan full of college girls and rear end a car driven by pancho arango (bela lugosi). the cousins make it to hollywood where brown falls in love with lugosi's daughter.
corpus document81
captain applejack
ambrose applejohn lives in an extravagant old mansion with his ward, played by poppy faire, and his elderly aunt. poppy is in love with applejohn but he doesn't realize it and treats her like a child. applejohn is bored with his sheltered and mundane live and craves excitement. he plans to sell the family mansion and use the money to travel around the world on a quest for adventure and excitement. aunt agatha is shocked when she finds out about her nephew's plans while poppy supports him. applejohn, however, soon finds unexpected adventure, danger, mystery and excitement right in his own house. on a dark and stormy night, a mysterious woman, madame anna valeska, knocks on the door, seeking shelter from the storm and from a violent man, ivan borolsky, who is apparently pursuing her. as a matter of fact, the two are a pair of thieves seeking a treasure which is hidden in the applejohn home. this treasure was hidden in the house by a pirate ancestor, known as captain applejack. ivan borolsky shows up at the house but, eventually, applejohn manages to get borolsky and valeska out of the house. applejohn falls asleep and dreams of his pirate ancestor, of his ship, and of his conquest of a pretty woman, who is at first resistant, but in the end completely surrenders to him. when he awakes he finds that a parchment really exists in the house and that his visitors are really thieves and are seeking a hidden treasure. he races to find the treasures indicated on the parchment before the thieves can find it themselves. in the end he put the villains to rout, finds the treasure and discovers that he also loves poppy. the film is filled with pre-code material, especially during the pirate dream sequence. during that sequence, captain applejack brazenly forces a woman to submit to his sexual advances and actually grabs her breasts.[citation needed]
corpus document82
caught cheating
madelynne cabrone is the wife of gangster joe cabrone. she is having an affair, and her husband finds out about it and tracks her to a roadhouse, intent on killing her lover. she escapes in her car, but when it breaks down, she takes to the road, where she is picked up by the unwitting sam harris. joe catches up to them, and believes sam to be the man madelynne is having an affair with. he is about to move in to kill him, when sam is stopped for speeding. when madelynne tells her story, it is printed in the papers, and sam becomes something of a hero for saving her. joe vows to kill sam within twenty-four hours. t. mcgillicuddy hungerford, a wealthy businessman hears of sam's heroism and offers to give sam a huge order. thinking that the order is dependent on him playing the hero, sam keeps up with the pretense, although he is scared to death. a rival gangster, tobey moran, gives sam two bodyguards to protect him from cabrone. as part of cabrone's plan to kill sam, he sends him two tickets to a masquerade party at a local speakeasy. mcgillicuddy, known as "mac" wants sam to go to the masquerade with him and two women. since all wear masks, no one knows that one of the women is madelynne. sam's wife, lena, believes that he is cheating on her, and also goes to the masquerade. cabrone and his men show up as well, dressed as policemen. they abscond with sam and mac, taking them back to their hideout. moran's men follow and a gunfight ensues where cabrone and his gang are wiped out. the police arrive and declare sam and mac to be heroes, whereafter mac awards the contract to sam, and lena understands the truth about sam and madelynne and forgives him.
corpus document83
caught plastered
tommy tanner (wheeler) and egbert g. higginbotham (woolsey) are two vaudevillians who were kicked out of the last town they performed in. after fleeing to the town of lockville, the duo befriend elderly widow mother talley (lucy beaumont). mother is upset because she is unable to get customers into her drug store. in addition, mother owes a payment on a bank note to harry watters (jason robards). tommy and egbert decide to turn mother's drugstore into a money-making venture, even producing their own afternoon radio program right in the store. harry, who wants to buy the store as part of a bootlegging operation, attempts to sell the duo an alcohol-laced drink, referring to it as "lemon-syrup". the "syrup" gains praise from everybody in town, until the police show up to close down the operation. tommy and egbert are suspicious of harry, and it is up to them to find harry, clear their name, and save mother's store.
corpus document84
the champ
andy "champ" purcell (wallace beery) is the former world heavyweight champion, now down on his luck and living in squalid conditions with his eight-year-old son "dink" in tijuana, mexico. champ attempts to train and to convince promoters to set up a fight for him, but his efforts are consistently stymied by his alcoholism. dink is repeatedly disappointed and let down by his father's irresponsible actions and frequent broken promises to quit drinking, but his utter devotion to his father nonetheless never wavers. in addition to his drinking problem, champ is also a compulsive gambler, another vice which he repeatedly promises dink he will surrender (but never does). after a winning streak, he fulfills a previous promise to buy dink a horse, whom they subsequently name "little champ" and decide to enter into a race. at the track, dink happens across a woman who, unknown to either of them, is actually his mother linda. she is now remarried to tony, a wealthy man who owns one of the other horses in the race. linda and tony observe dink and champ together and realize that dink is her son. champ allows linda to see dink, who accepts that she is his mother. but dink feels no emotion toward her, as she has never been part of his life. linda resolves to remove dink from the negative atmosphere in which he's growing up and have him live with her family. catching champ during an all-night gambling binge, tony asks him to turn dink over so that tony and linda can put dink into school. champ refuses. as the exhausted dink sleeps on a nearby table, tony bluntly observes that champ is not a good father. the night of gambling ends with champ having lost little champ, which devastates dink. champ asks linda for enough money to buy the horse back, and she gives it to him. but before he can buy the horse back, he starts gambling again and loses the money linda loaned him. he also winds up in jail, breaking dink's heart once more. ashamed of his actions and with his spirit broken, champ finally agrees to send an unwilling dink to live with tony and linda. on the train ride home, tony and linda try their best to welcome dink into their family. dink does not dislike them, but he is consumed only by thoughts of his father. he runs away back to tijuana, where he finds that champ has a fight scheduled with the mexican heavyweight champion. when he sees dink, champ immediately returns to good spirits. he trains hard for the fight and, for the first time, really does stay away from drinking and gambling. champ is determined to win the fight, make dink proud of him, and use his prize money to buy back little champ. tony and linda attend the fight, bringing genuine best wishes and assurances that they will make no further efforts to separate dink from champ. the match is brutal, and champ is seriously injured. dink and the others in his corner urge him to throw in the towel, but champ refuses to allow that. he musters a last burst of energy, and knocks out his opponent. after the fight, he triumphantly presents little champ to dink. but after witnessing his son's overjoyed reaction, champ collapses. champ is brought into his dressing room, where a doctor determines that his injuries are mortal. champ urges dink to cheer up and then dies, leaving dink inconsolable. despite the best efforts of all of the men and boys in the room, who one by one attempt to calm him, dink continually wails, "i want the champ!" finally, dink spots linda enter the room. dink looks at her, cries out, "mother!" and runs into her arms. she picks him up and he sobs, "the champ is dead, mama." she turns and carries him out of the room as he buries his face in her shoulder, crying.
corpus document85
chances
during world war i, jack (douglas fairbanks jr.) and tom ingleside (anthony bushell) are two british brother officers who happen who fall in love with the same girl molly prescott (rose hobart) while on furlough, resulting in dissention at the front.[3]
corpus document86
charlie chan carries on
charlie chan tries to solve the murder of a wealthy american found dead in a london hotel room. settings include london, nice, france, san remo, honolulu and hong kong.
corpus document87
the cheat
elsa carlyle (tallulah bankhead), in contrast to her charming personality and loving relationship with her indulgent husband, jeffrey (harvey stephens), is a compulsive gambler and spendthrift who is overly concerned with social standing and appearances. jeffrey tries to convince elsa to avoid spending while he makes investments in an effort to provide them with enough wealth to live comfortably for the rest of their lives, but she had impulsively placed a large bet and immediately is $10,000 in debt. later, after helping raise money for a charitable cause, she steals this money and invests it in a stock scheme, and promptly loses it as well when the stock tanks. hardy livingston (irving pichel), a wealthy lady's man, has his eye on elsa and finds his chance to trap her into an adulterous affair by giving her the money she needs to repay the charity money. the next day jeffrey informs her his investments have paid off and they are now fabulously wealthy. she attempts to repay the money she had borrowed from livingston, however he wants sexual favors instead. elsa says she would rather commit suicide; livingston hands her a pistol and invites her to do so and when she does not, he attempts to rape her and she responds by taking the pistol and shooting him. a suspicious jeffrey has followed her and takes the blame for the shooting. as jeffrey is on trial, livingstone claims jeffrey had tried to cheat him out of a debt and then shot him. to protect elsa, jeffrey refuses to deny this, and so elsa stops the trial by shouting out the truth and showing the court the brand livingstone had placed on her. the judge drops the charges against jeffrey, elsa promises again to stop gambling and the film ends.
corpus document88
children of dreams
one day, molly standing (margaret schilling) is picking apples in her father's apple orchard in california, with her friend gertie (marion byron), when they meet two boys, tommy melville (paul gregory) and gus schultz (tom patricola). molly falls in love with tommy while gertie falls in love with gus. they plan a double wedding. gerald winters and his mother, who are wealthy art patrons, hear molly singing, and, at gerald's suggestion, since he is very attracted to her, they sponsor her to study in italy. molly is reluctant to go but finally accepts when she discovers her father is in need of money. she leaves on the day that tommy had hoped would be their wedding day. he says goodbye to her before attending gertie and gus's wedding ceremony. molly becomes a success in rome. she returns to the united states to sing at the metropolitan opera house in new york city, where she is again a great success. after the performance, tommy attends the party which has been given by gerald and his mother. molly asks tommy to sing, but her society friends do not think much of his singing. realizing that molly now lives in a world far apart from his, tommy breaks off his engagement and returns to the orchards. molly stays in new york for two years and then moves on to san francisco for a concert stop. although she is supposed to marry gerald soon, she is unhappy. she goes to her father's orchards to visit her old friend gertie, to see how things are going with her. she happens to run into tommy, and they rekindle their love and are married. before they leave on their honeymoon, the doctor (charles winniger) informs molly's manager and tommy that schilling has lost her voice and will never sing again, except perhaps, a lullaby.
corpus document89
cimarron
the oklahoma land rush of 1889 prompts thousands to travel to the oklahoma territory to grab free government land; yancey cravat (richard dix), his young bride, sabra (irene dunne) and their son, cim, cross the border from kansas to join the throngs. in the ensuing race, yancey is outwitted by a young prostitute, dixie lee (estelle taylor), who takes the prime piece of real estate, the bear creek claim, that yancey had targeted for himself. his plans for establishing a ranch thwarted, yancey moves into the town of osage, a boomer town, where he confronts and kills lon yountis (stanley fields), an outlaw who had killed the prior publisher of the local newspaper. having a background in publishing himself, yancey establishes the osage wigwam, a weekly newspaper, to help turn the frontier camp into a respectable town. after the birth of their daughter, donna, a gang of outlaws threatens osage, led by "the kid" (william collier jr.), who happens to be an old acquaintance of yancey's. to save the town, yancey faces and kills the kid. beset by guilt over his killing of the kid, when another land rush appears, yancey leaves sabra and his children to participate in settling the cherokee strip. after his departure, sabra takes over the publication of the osage wigwam, and raises her children until yancey returns five years later, just in time to represent dixie lee, who had been charged with being a public nuisance, and win her acquittal. osage continues to grow, as does the territory of oklahoma, which gains statehood in 1907 and benefits from the early oil boom of the 1900s, including the native american tribes, that yancey supports, through editorials in his newspaper, after which yancey once again disappears from osage for several years. at the time, sabra is vehemently anti-native american, despite her son's involvement with an indian woman. years later, when sabra becomes the first female congresswoman from the state of oklahoma, she lauds the virtues of her then indian daughter-in-law. sabra and yancey are reunited one final time when she rushes to his side after he has rescued numerous oil drillers from a devastating explosion. he dies in her arms.
corpus document90
city lights
citizens and dignitaries are assembled for the unveiling of a new monument to "peace and prosperity". after droning speeches the veil is lifted to reveal the little tramp asleep in the lap of one of the sculpted figures. after several minutes of slapstick he manages to escape the assembly's wrath to perambulate the city. he rebukes two newsboys who taunt him for his shabbiness, and while coyly admiring a nude statue has a near-fatal encounter with a sidewalk elevator. the tramp encounters the beautiful flower girl on a street-corner and in the course of buying a flower realizes she is blind; he is instantly smitten. through an aural coincidence the girl mistakes her customer for the wealthy owner of a chauffeured automobile. that evening the tramp saves a drunken millionaire from suicide. the millionaire takes his new best friend back to his mansion for champagne, then (after another abortive suicide attempt) out for a night on the town. after helping the millionaire home the next morning, he sees the flower girl en route to her street-corner. the tramp gets some money from the millionaire and catches up to the girl; he buys all her flowers and drives her home in the millionaire's car. after the tramp leaves, the flower girl tells her grandmother (florence lee) about her kind and wealthy friend. meanwhile the tramp returns to the mansion, where the millionaire – now sober – does not remember him and has the butler throw him out. later that day, the millionaire is once more intoxicated and, seeing the tramp on the street, invites him home for a lavish party. the next morning history repeats itself: the millionaire is again sober and the tramp is again out on his ear. finding that the girl is not at her usual street-corner, the tramp goes to her apartment, where through the window he hears a doctor tell the grandmother that the girl is very ill: "she has a fever and needs careful attention." determined to help, the tramp takes a job as a street sweeper. on his lunch break he brings the girl groceries while her grandmother is out selling flowers. to entertain her he reads a newspaper aloud; in it is a story about a viennese doctor's blindness cure. "wonderful, then i'll be able to see you," says the girl – and the tramp is struck by what may happen if she were to gain her sight and discover that he is not the wealthy man she imagines. he also finds an eviction notice the girl's grandmother has hidden. as he leaves, he promises the girl that he will pay the rent. the tramp returns to work to find himself fired – he has been late once too often. a boxer convinces him to fight in a fake bout; they will "go easy" on each other and split the prize money. but the boxer flees after learning he is about to be arrested; his place is taken by a no-nonsense fighter, who knocks the tramp out despite the tramp's creative and nimble efforts to keep out of reach. the tramp encounters the drunken millionaire a third time and is again invited to the mansion. the tramp relates the girl's plight and the millionaire gives him money for her operation. two burglars knock the millionaire out and take the rest of his money. the burglars flee before the arrival of the police, who find the tramp with the money the millionaire gave him; because of the knock on his head the millionaire does not remember giving it. the tramp evades the police long enough to get the money to the girl, telling her he will be going away for a time, but in due course he is apprehended and imprisoned. months later the tramp is released. he goes to the girl's customary street corner but she is not there. we learn that the girl – her sight restored – now has a successful flower shop with her grandmother. but she has not forgotten her mysterious benefactor, whom she imagines to be rich and handsome: when an elegant man enters the shop she wonders for a moment if "he" has returned. the tramp happens by the shop, where the girl is arranging flowers in the window. he stoops to retrieve a blossom discarded in the gutter. after a brief skirmish with his old nemeses, the newsboys, he turns to the shop's window where he suddenly sees the girl, who has been watching him without (of course) knowing who he is. at the sight of her he is frozen for a few seconds, then breaks into a broad smile. the girl is flattered and giggles to her employee: "i've made a conquest!" via pantomime through the glass, she kindly offers him a fresh flower (to replace the crushed one he took from the gutter) and a coin. suddenly embarrassed, the tramp starts to shuffle away, but the girl steps to the shop door and again offers the flower, which he shyly accepts. she takes hold of his hand and presses the coin into it. abruptly she stops; her smile turns to a look of puzzlement. she runs her fingers along his arm, his shoulder, his lapels, then catches her breath: "you?" the tramp nods with an uncertain smile and asks, "you can see now?" the girl replies, "yes, i can see now" and tearfully pulls his hand to her bosom. the uncertainty on the tramp's face turns to joy as the film fades to black.
corpus document91
city streets
nan cooley (sylvia sidney), the daughter of racketeer pop cooley (guy kibbee), is in love with the kid (gary cooper), a shooting gallery showman. cooley tries to urge him to join the gang, in order to earn enough money to support her in the lifestyle she is accustomed to, but the kid refuses. soon her father kills bootlegging chief blackie (stanley fields), at the urging of big fella maskal (paul lukas), because blackie was against maskal's involvement with blackie's gun moll aggie (wynne gibson). after pop shoots blackie, he passes the gun to nan, thus implicating her in the murder. she naïvely takes the rap, believing the mob will arrange for her acquittal, but is sent to prison. pop cooley tries to convince the kid to join the gang to free nan, and he does so out of love for her. however, her attitude had changed since she was railroaded to prison. when the kid visits nan in prison in a fur coat, she becomes terrified of his involvement with pop's gang after witnessing a fellow inmate's mobster boyfriend being gunned down outside the prison gate. when nan is released, having served her term, she wants nothing more to do with the mob. she tries to persuade the kid to quit the gang, but he refuses. things go downhill from there. she finds that her father is unrepentant and involved with a loose, gold-digging woman named pansy (betty sinclair). maskal soon takes a strong liking to nan and throws her a homecoming party, forcing her to dance with him all evening. when the kid finally asserts his claim over nan, maskal threatens him, then later sends his thugs to kill him, but the kid successfully disarms them, then goes after maskal. terrified her lover will be killed, nan goes to maskal to warn him and offers herself to him in exchange for the kid's life. aggie, now maskal's mistress, shoots him with nan's gun after he leaves her for nan, and nan is accused of murder. the kid then names himself mob chief and escapes with nan in a car with three of maskal's men, but they aim to kill him. the kid and nan are then taken "for a ride" by rival thugs. they race a train and maintain high speeds. nan pulls a gun on the men and disarms them. dropping the thugs off with "no hard feelings", the kid tells them he has quit the beer business, and he and nan drive off.
corpus document92
the common law
valerie west is a young american expatriate living with her wealthy lover, dick carmedon, in paris. tired of the relationship, she moves out, after which she meets struggling american artist john neville. she begins posing nude for him. at first the relationship is purely business, but the two soon fall in love, and she moves in with him. the two begin to live an idyllic life, despite carmedon's attempts to get valerie back. unbeknownst to valerie, neville is a member of a wealthy, socially prominent family from tarrytown, new york. sam, a friend of neville's, tells him about valerie's past relationship with carmedon. valerie confirms it is true, but states that she left carmedon before she met neville. disillusioned, neville changes his mind about proposing to her. valerie calls him a hypocrite and breaks up with him. later, neville runs into valerie at a nightclub, where she is out with querido. neville leaves in disgust. valerie follows, jumping into his taxi and going home with him. very soon, he proposes marriage. she asks him to wait, wanting to make sure that their feelings for one another are for real before making what she hopes will be a life-long commitment. when clare collins, neville's sister, hears about the situation from friends returning from europe, she informs neville that their father is very ill (he only has a cough) and insists that he return home. neville brings valerie with him to the family estate. clare throws a party on the family yacht, to which she invites carmedon and an old girlfriend of neville's, stephanie brown. neville's father tells valerie he approves of her; he can see that his son is happy and more confident. fed up with clare's obvious attempts to split up the couple, valerie turns in for the night. a drunk carmedon barges into her stateroom, but she pushes him out, in full view of clare. neville helps carmedon to his room and, behind closed doors, punches him. then, he informs valerie that they are going to find a justice of the peace to marry them.
corpus document93
confessions of a co-ed
the intimate diary of patricia harper tells the story of her four years at co-educational stafford college. attracting the attentions of dan carter and hal evans she falls in love with dan only to be accused by her fellow student peggy wilson of stealing him from her. consequently, pat decides not to see dan again and he is persuaded by peggy, in an effort to regain his affection, to take her out in hal's car. on an 'out of bounds' road the car knocks down a policeman and runs into a ditch but the pair escape unrecognised. peggy's vanity case is found in the car, however, and she is expelled from the college without divulging the identity of her companion. during the christmas holidays hal and pat join a party of students, which includes dan, on a mountain ski-ing expedition. dan manages to separate pat from the others and takes her to a forest ranger's hut where, finding themselves alone, they make love. hal; jealous and angry with dan, reveals to the dean that dan was in his car with peggy and dan, too, is expelled. he leaves without saying goodbye to pat. when peggy visits the college to collect personal belongings pat confides that she is pregnant. peggy advises her to marry hal but pat refuses to deceive him and writes a letter of explanation which peggy promises to deliver. pat and hal are married but it is not until three years later that pat discovers that peggy did not deliver her letter. on that same day dan returns from south america and hal, without revealing to whom he is married, takes dan home to dinner. dan tells hal that he betrayed pat but that he loves her and wants to marry her. when pat returns home and finds that hall now knows the truth about the child there is a violent quarrel and she confesses that she still loves dan. hal agrees to a divorce so that the parents of the child he thought was his can be married.[3]
corpus document94
consolation marriage
in prohibition-era manhattan, shopkeeper mary brown loses aubrey, her childhood sweetheart, when he marries a rich woman. reporter steve "rollo" porter has also lost his childhood sweetheart, elaine, who has married some one else. mary and steve become friends and make a marriage of convenience based on a shared sense of whimsical humor as well as their mutual losses. when their old loves re-enter their lives, a few years later, mary and steve must decide what is really important to them.
corpus document95
corsair
college football hero john hawks (morris) lets himself be goaded by wealthy socialite alison corning (loyd/todd) into forgoing a job coaching the college team to be "a real man, and make real money" in the big city with her father, stephen corning (emmett corrigan), on wall street. he soon has more than he can stomach, making money by bilking the poor out of their meager savings with junk bonds. mr. corning tells john he doesn't have what it takes to succeed in the brutal world of share trading. john replies he will seek a new line of work where he will not go after elderly widows' savings. john decides to go after those who deserve to lose their money: bootleggers. he gets inside information on big john's (fred kohler) rum-running operation from slim (ned sparks) through his gun moll, sophie. sophie taps out the information in morse code with her typewriter to a confederate who informs john of alcohol shipments. hawks is a modern pirate. with his friend, 'chub' (frank mchugh), he captains the corsair, a gunboat, which preys on bootleggers and then resells the cargo to their wealthy backers. he only forgot two things: that in the cutthroat world of junk bonds and margin calls, they don’t use real knives, machine guns, and bombs, like the gangsters; and the girl hiding in the hold.
corpus document96
cracked nuts
wendell graham (bert wheeler), while a millionaire through inheritance, is incredibly irresponsible. on a trans-atlantic crossing, he meets the lovely betty harrington (dorothy lee), and her stuffy, over-protective aunt, minnie van varden (edna may oliver). wendell is definitely interested, and his interest is reciprocated by betty; however aunt minnie takes an instant dislike to the young man. on the same ship are several dissidents who are seeking financial support for their revolution back home in the fictional country of el dorania. wendell believes that if he offers them financial support in their revolutionary pursuits, this will enhance his position with aunt minnie, who owns a large estate in el dorania, and has been vocal about her displeasure with the current monarch. wendell agrees to furnish the revolutionaries with $100,000 to further their cause. meanwhile, back in el dorania, zander ulysses parkhurst (robert woolsey), better known by his acronym, zup, is a casino owner. one night he believes he has hit the jackpot when he wins the crown of the country in a crap game with king oscar (harvey clark), the owner of which becomes king of the country. unbeknownst to zup, oscar has deliberately lost the crown, since he realizes that whoever the king is targeted for death. after he is crowned king, zup learns from queen carlotta (leni stengel) that a king's reign in el dorania has averaged a single month over the past year, after which they are assassinated. wendell is told by the revolutionaries as they near el dorania, that after they overthrow the current monarch, they intend to make him their king. this sits well with wendell, who feels that this will prove his worth to aunt minnie. when he arrives in the country, he realizes that the current monarch is his old friend from brooklyn, zup. their celebratory reunion is short-lived when wendell realizes that he needs to kill zup in order to assume the throne. wendell discovers that the assassinations are the brainchild of general bogardus (stanley fields), who agrees to allow zup to be killed in the modern fashion, with bombs dropped from airplanes. wendell arranges for all the bombs to be disarmed, and lets zup know there is nothing to fear. the day of assassination arrives during a national celebration, but zup is unafraid, since he received the knowledge from wendell that the bombs won't blow up. however, as the bomb's begin to fall, they explode, since they have been re-armed, without the knowledge of wendell. the two friends flee for their lives, and as they do, fortune shines on them as one of the bombs lands over an oil deposit, which begins to gush forth. the country, now rich, is no longer interested in revolution. zup remains king, and wendell gets to marry betty, much to the chagrin of aunt millie.
corpus document97
the criminal code
six years of stress and hard labor working in the prison jute mill has taken its toll on young robert graham. the penitentiary's resident doctor and psychiatrist recommends that warden brady see him and proposes that he offer him a drastic change of environment and duties before his psychological damages become irreversible. when the warden realizes who the inmate is, or rather was, and recalls that it was he that helped put him behind bars (as with many of the prisoners), he agrees to give him a chance and offers him a job as his valet. graham enjoys his new employment, especially since he is frequently in the company of the warden's pretty young daughter, mary. he improves in general character and demeanor and regains his morale. meanwhile, one of graham's cellmates tries to escape at night with two other prisoners. one turns out to be a stool pigeon, breaking the prisoner's code of silence and lures the men into a death trap. the guards brutally shoot down and kill graham's cellmate. ned galloway, graham's other cellmate, vows to avenge this death and, more importantly, punish the violator of the unwritten code. he develops an elaborate plan secretly to murder the culprit and carefully warns graham to stay away from the man. ill-fated graham, of course, walks in on the crime no one was supposed to witness. upon finding graham with the dead body, the perspicacious warden again knows that graham is not the murderer. he does however clearly see that graham knows who committed the crime. promising him a speedy parole, though his sincerity is somewhat doubtful, the warden pushes graham to reveal the name of the killer. he is morally torn. still an inmate, graham cannot bring himself to go against the prisoner's code and remains loyal to galloway and the other inmates, who in this case represent the hawksian group, an ever-present theme in the director's films. the situation also deeply troubles brady, who feels impelled to send graham to "the hole," hoping it will change his mind. a week or so later, after a short trip, mary returns home to the penitentiary and is surprised not to see graham working as valet. her surprise turns to shock when she finds out where graham has been sent. she urges her father to release him. the warden criticizes his daughter for her naïveté, but reconsiders her plea once she proclaims her love for graham. along with gleason and a few guards, he descends into the prison dungeon to let out the devastated prisoner. the other inmates logically think that graham has spoken the name of the killer. having previously smuggled a pocket knife down to another man in the hole, they hope graham will be punished for squealing. galloway, on the other hand, understands what is really happening. he purposely insults a guard in the jute mill and is promptly sent downstairs faithfully to protect his cellmate and loyal friend. once in the dungeon, he kills the other prisoner and, in addition, cuts gleason's throat. (the yard captain was, in fact, the man responsible for galloway's lengthy incarceration). the other guards finally shoot him down. graham, safe and unharmed, is immediately sent up to see mary brady. the two lovers embrace passionately for the first time.
corpus document98
the cuban love song
shoftly after becoming engaged to a socialite, an upper-class american named terry enlists in the us marine corps to get his wild urges out of his system. he and his two friends and comrades get into many scrapes, frequently ending up in the brig. while in cuba, however, he falls in love with nenita a spirited, passionate local woman. their relationship is interrupted by america's entry into world war i, and terry is wounded in the fighting in france. he is nursed back to health by his fiancée and the two marry. more than a decade later, terry bumps into his former comrades in new york. this reawakens memories of his carefree days in cuba. he returns to havana to find nenita, only to discover that she has died of fever. however he comes across a boy named terry, who he realizes is the product of his passionate relationship with nenita a decade earlier. he adopts the boy and takes him back to the united states where his wife generously welcomes both father and son home.
corpus document99
dance, fools, dance
former socialite, bonnie jordan (joan crawford) is a cub reporter whose brother rodney (william bakewell) is involved with a beer-running gang. on one caper, he drives the car that guns down a rival gang. bonnie's journalist colleague bert scranton (cliff edwards) is murdered when he finds out too much. gang chief jake luva (clark gable) is suspected of plotting scranton's murder and bonnie investigates, barely escaping with her life after learning the details of the gang's operations. the criminals are brought to justice.
corpus document101
devotion
shirley mortimer (ann harding) is the second daughter of a wealthy london family, who view her as plain and treat her as little more than a servant. when her father's friend david trent (leslie howard) visits, she becomes smitten. upon hearing that he and his son are in need of a new domestic, she disguises herself as an elderly matron, mrs. hastings, and begins to work for him. he is a defense attorney, currently defending a man, painter norman harrington (robert williams), on the charge of murdering his wife. as mrs. hastings, shirley wins the friendship of david's son and dotes on david, making sure he takes care of himself. david, for his part, begins to suspect that "mrs. hastings" is not who she claims. harrington is acquitted, and upon meeting mrs. hastings asks to paint her portrait; while doing so, he realizes she is actually a young woman, but agrees to keep her secret. after spending an evening with shirley (out of disguise) and her father, david realizes who "mrs. hastings" is, and reveals to shirley that he has fallen in love with her. before they can begin their romance, however, david's estranged wife returns; assuming the worst, shirley angrily leaves. she becomes a model for harrington, who soon professes his own feelings, but rather than ask her to marry him, merely proposes that they travel the world together with shirley as his mistress. twice hurt, shirley returns to her family home and her servant-like life there. both harrington and david turn up at the mortimer home; harrington makes his plea, but upon hearing from david that he had not seen his wife for four years, and intends to swiftly divorce her, shirley happily reunites with him.
corpus document100
daughter of the dragon
princess ling moy lives next door to the petrie family, and is romantically involved with ah kee, a secret agent determined to thwart fu manchu. it is revealed that fu manchu is ling moy's father.
corpus document102
dirigible
when the famed explorer louis rondelle (hobart bosworth) requests the u.s. navy's assistance in reaching the south pole, officer jack bradon (jack holt) convinces rear admiral john s. martin (emmett corrigan) to offer his dirigible, the uss pensacola, for the attempt. jack asks his best friend, "frisky" pierce (ralph graves), to pilot the biplane that will be carried on the airship. frisky, who is adventurous to the point of recklessness, is eager to go even though he has just completed a record-setting coast-to-coast flight and has barely spent any time with his wife, helen (fay wray). basking in the acclaim, he has even forgotten to read the sealed love letter she gave him to open when he arrived. helen loves frisky but cannot make him believe how much she is hurt by the risks he takes. she sees jack without her husband's knowledge and begs him to drop frisky from the expedition, and for the sake of their marriage, not tell him why. jack, who also loves her, agrees. frisky, assuming jack does not want to share the fame, ends their friendship. the expedition soon ends in disaster: the pensacola breaks in two and crashes into the ocean during a storm. frisky participates in the rescue of the expedition by aircraft carrier. he now gets a leave of absence from the navy to pilot a fokker trimotor transport aircraft for rondelle's next attempt at the south pole. this proves too much for helen. when she is unable to get frisky to change his mind, she gives him another sealed letter (to be read when he reaches the pole), but this time it says that she is divorcing him and will ask jack to marry her. frisky, rondelle, sock mcguire (roscoe karns), and hansen (harold goodwin) reach the south pole. when frisky suggests landing on the snow, rondelle accepts his judgment that there will be no danger. but in fact the aircraft flips over and bursts into flames, destroying most of their supplies. rondelle's leg is broken and sock's foot is injured. after radioing their base camp, they attempt to walk the 900 miles back to it, dragging rondelle on a sled. rondelle soon dies and is buried. later, frisky has to amputate sock's foot. when sock realizes he is too much of a burden, he drags himself away to die while the other two are sleeping. they carry on, but hansen breaks down when he finds they have been going in a circle and have returned to rondelle's grave. frisky refuses to give up and forces hansen to continue on. when helen hears the news of the crash, she realizes no longer wants a divorce and wishes she could go to frisky. jack realizes he can, and talks rear admiral martin into letting him attempt a rescue with his new dirigible, the uss los angeles. the two survivors are found and rescued. on the way back, frisky remembers that he has again forgotten to read helen's letter, but he has snow blindness and asks jack to read it to him. jack quickly substitutes his own improvised version, in which helen is proud of his accomplishment and waiting for her husband with undiminished love. he then destroys the letter. when they return, frisky uncharacteristically skips a ticker tape parade through new york city to be with his wife. he is the first to mention the contents of the letter; to helen's great relief, she realizes that jack has not only brought frisky back to her but also saved their marriage.
corpus document103
don't bet on women
on a whim, herbert blake proposes a wager with roger fallon that he won't be able to get a kiss during the coming 48 hours from the next woman who happens to walk into the room. fallon takes the bet, whereupon the woman who turns up is herbert's wife.
corpus document104
dr. jekyll and mr. hyde
the film tells the story of dr. henry jekyll (fredric march), a kind english doctor in victorian london, who is certain that within each man lurks impulses for both good and evil. one evening, jekyll attends a party at the home of his fiancée muriel carew (rose hobart), the daughter of brigadier general sir danvers carew (halliwell hobbes). after the other guests have left, jekyll informs sir danvers that, after speaking to muriel, he wants carew's permission to push up their wedding date. sir danvers sternly refuses jekyll's request. later, while walking home with his colleague, dr. john lanyon (holmes herbert), jekyll spots a bar singer, ivy pierson (miriam hopkins), being attacked by a man outside her boarding house. jekyll drives the man away and carries ivy up to her room to attend to her. ivy begins flirting with jekyll and feigning injury, but jekyll fights temptation and leaves with lanyon. muriel and sir danvers leave london for a few months. in the meantime, jekyll develops a drug that releases the evil side in himself, thus becoming the violent edward hyde. along with his behavior, dr. jekyll's appearance changes as well. he transforms into something more menacing and primitive looking. unlike dr. jekyll, hyde has no conscience, no restrictions, no boundaries; he is free to do what he pleases. hyde returns to ivy's boarding house where he learns of the music hall where she works. he "meets" her and offers to tend to her financial needs in return for her company. hyde manipulates ivy into accompanying him by terrorizing her, being violent, controlling and torturing her psychologically. he remains at her boarding house until he finds out that muriel and her father are returning to london; he leaves ivy but threatens her that he'll be back but she won't know when. jekyll is overcome with guilt over how hyde treated ivy, and has his servant poole deliver 50 pounds to her. poole tells ivy that the money is from dr. jekyll, whose name ivy's landlady mrs. hawkins (tempe pigott) recognizes as a doctor who helps those in need. upon mrs. hawkins' advice, ivy goes to see dr. jekyll, hoping that he can free her of the abusive hyde. when she arrives, ivy sees that the celebrated dr. jekyll was the same man who saved her from abuse just months before. she breaks down in tears over her situation with hyde. jekyll is extremely distraught over the pain that he (hyde) has caused her and promises ivy that she will never have to worry about hyde again. while on his way to a party at the carews' home to celebrate their return and the announcement of a new wedding date to muriel, jekyll, without the use of his drugs, suddenly changes into hyde. ivy, who thought she was free of hyde forever, is terrified when hyde appears before her. hyde angrily confronts her about seeing jekyll and, just before murdering her, reveals that he and jekyll are one and the same. hyde escapes and heads back to jekyll's house but poole refuses to open the door. desperate, hyde writes a letter to lanyon from jekyll instructing lanyon to get certain chemicals and have them waiting for him at lanyon's home. when hyde arrives, lanyon pulls a gun on him and demands that hyde take him to jekyll. hyde tells lanyon that jekyll is safe, but lanyon doesn't believe him and refuses to let him leave. realizing there is not much time, hyde drinks the formula in front of lanyon. lanyon is shocked to witness the transformation and tells his friend that he has practically damned his soul for tampering with the laws of god. lanyon also advises jekyll that the transformation that happened that night will happen again eventually. jekyll admits that he must call off the wedding to muriel for her own safety, as he feels that he is already damned and fears that he will harm her. with ivy's murder, sir danvers' anger towards him for missing the party, and hyde's persona beginning to dominate his own, henry jekyll's life continues to spiral out of control. he later goes to the carews' where sir danvers coldly rejects his visit but muriel welcomes him. jekyll tells muriel that he cannot be with her anymore. after leaving, he stands out on the terrace and tearfully watches muriel cry. suddenly jekyll begins to change into hyde once again. he then reenters the carew house through the terrace door and assaults muriel. her screams bring her father and their butler, hobson. hyde then viciously murders sir danvers out in the garden by striking him repeatedly with jekyll's cane until it breaks, then runs off into the night towards jekyll's home and the lab to mix a new formula to change himself back. the police and lanyon are standing over carew's body in the garden. recognizing the broken cane found next to the body, lanyon tells them that he knows whose cane that is and agrees to take them to its owner. the police later arrive at jekyll's lab looking for hyde and find only jekyll, who lies that hyde has escaped. they begin to leave when lanyon arrives and tells them that jekyll is the man they're searching for (because the man they are looking for is hiding inside him). just then a nervous jekyll begins changing into hyde before their shocked eyes. outraged at lanyon for betraying him, hyde leaps from behind the table and attacks him. hyde then tries to escape from the police but is fatally shot before he can again hurt lanyon. as hyde lies dead on the table full of dr. jekyll's experiments and potions, he transforms one last time back into henry jekyll.
corpus document105
dracula
renfield (dwight frye) is a solicitor traveling to count dracula's (bela lugosi) castle in transylvania on a business matter. the people in the local village fear that vampires inhabit the castle and warn renfield not to go there. renfield refuses to stay at the inn and asks his carriage driver to take him to the borgo pass. renfield is driven to the castle by dracula's coach, with dracula disguised as the driver. en route, renfield sticks his head out the window to ask the driver to slow down, but sees the driver has disappeared; a bat leads the horses. renfield enters the castle welcomed by the charming but eccentric count, who unbeknownst to renfield, is a vampire. they discuss dracula's intention to lease carfax abbey in london, where he intends to travel the next day. dracula hypnotizes renfield into opening a window. renfield faints as a bat appears and dracula's three wives close in on him. dracula waves them away, then attacks renfield himself. aboard the schooner vesta, renfield is a raving lunatic slave to dracula, who hides in a coffin and feeds on the ship's crew. when the ship reaches england, renfield is discovered to be the only living person. renfield is sent to dr. seward's sanatorium adjoining carfax abbey. at a london theatre, dracula meets seward (herbert bunston). seward introduces his daughter mina (helen chandler), her fiancé john harker (david manners) and the family friend lucy weston (frances dade). lucy is fascinated by count dracula. that night, dracula enters her room and feasts on her blood while she sleeps. lucy dies the next day after a string of transfusions. renfield is obsessed with eating flies and spiders. professor van helsing (edward van sloan) analyzes renfield's blood and discovers his obsession. he starts talking about vampires, and that afternoon renfield begs seward to send him away, claiming his nightly cries may disturb mina's dreams. when dracula calls renfield with wolf howling, renfield is disturbed by van helsing showing him wolfsbane, which van helsing says is used for protection from vampires. dracula visits mina, asleep in her bedroom, and bites her. the next evening, dracula enters for a visit and van helsing and harker notice that he does not have a reflection. when van helsing reveals this to dracula, he smashes the mirror and leaves. van helsing deduces that dracula is the vampire behind the recent tragedies. mina leaves her room and runs to dracula in the garden, where he attacks her. she is found by the maid. newspapers report that a woman in white is luring children from the park and biting them. mina recognizes the lady as lucy, risen as a vampire. harker wants to take mina to london for safety, but is convinced to leave mina with van helsing. van helsing orders nurse briggs (joan standing) to take care of mina when she sleeps, and not to remove the wreath of wolfsbane from her neck. renfield escapes from his cell and listens to the men discuss vampires. before his attendant takes renfield back to his cell, renfield relates to them how dracula convinced renfield to allow him to enter the sanitorium by promising him thousands of rats with blood and life in them. dracula enters the seward parlour and talks with van helsing. dracula states that mina now belongs to him, and warns van helsing to return to his home country. van helsing swears to excavate carfax abbey and destroy dracula. dracula attempts to hypnotize van helsing, but the latter's resolve proves stronger. as dracula lunges at van helsing, he withdraws a crucifix from his coat, forcing dracula to retreat. harker visits mina on a terrace, and she speaks of how much she loves "nights and fogs". a bat flies above them and squeaks to mina. she then attacks harker but van helsing and seward save him. mina confesses what dracula has done to her, and tells harker their love is finished. dracula hypnotizes briggs into removing the wolfsbane from mina's neck and opening the windows. van helsing and harker see renfield heading for carfax abbey. they see dracula with mina in the abbey. when harker shouts to mina, dracula thinks renfield has led them there and kills him. dracula is hunted by van helsing and harker knowing that dracula is forced to sleep in his coffin during daylight, and the sun is rising. van helsing prepares a wooden stake while harker searches for mina. van helsing impales dracula, killing him, and mina returns to normal.
corpus document106
the drums of jeopardy
a mad scientist seeks revenge against those he holds responsible for his daughter's death.
corpus document107
the easiest way
growing up in a poor working-class family, laura (constance bennett) works hard to support her family. laura's father, ben (j. farrell macdonald) encourages his other daughter peg (anita page) to marry a hard-working man named nick (clark gable). laura rejects a marriage proposal from the boy-next-door to become involved with william brockton (adolphe menjou) a wealthy man many years her senior whom she met at a modeling job. she allows him to shower her with expensive gifts and moves into his luxury apartment. her newly found wealth does not come without any backlash, though. her mother agnes (clara blandick), notices a difference in laura and that she is working more nights. dressing in wealthy attire, and arriving in a chauffeur driven car, she pays a visit to peg, (now married to nick). nick noticing her style, demands that she leaves his house immediately, as he wants no association with a kept woman. even though laura realizes that she has become estranged from her family, she continues to stay with brockton. sometime later, while vacationing in colorado, she meets and falls in love with young newsman jack madison (robert montgomery). after a brief affair, and pledging their fidelity to one another, jack is stationed in argentina for a several months, as laura promises him that she will leave brockton. she breaks the news to brockton, returns all of his gifts, leaves his apartment, and takes a job at macy's department store. laura, finds work at macy's but is so financially strapped, she can't pay her rent. she unsuccessfully asks one of her former colleagues elfie st. clair (marjorie rambeau) for a loan. laura can't return to her room unless her rent is paid. she takes "the easiest way", and calls brockton, asking for a loan. brockton refuses and tells her he will only cooperate if she comes back to him on condition that she inform jack of her decision. she promises brockton that she will, but deceives him by not telling jack. jack returns to new york, phones laura immediately and laura invites him to her swank apartment. meanwhile, elfie pops in on laura to ask for money. desperate, laura listens to elfie, who advises her to leave brockton and marry jack, but under no circumstances tell jack of her current set up. laura agrees. but her plans to elope with jack are cut short when brockton unexpectedly shows up. brockton, noticing laura's packed bags, informs jack of what happened during his absence. laura tries to explain the situation, but jack, furious that laura had broken her promise of fidelity to him, leaves. despite brockton's offer to continue to care for her, laura, leaves heart broken. traveling to her sister's home, her brother-in-law (nick) invites her in. nick, seeing that laura had returned to her beginnings, comforts her with the promise that madison will return when he gets "cool under the collar."
corpus document108
east lynne
the trophy wife of a stodgy man of wealth yearns for a more interesting life.
corpus document109
east of borneo
linda randolph (hobart) looks for her husband on the island of marado just east of borneo. although linda is warned that marado's jungles are “entirely too dangerous” for a woman, she persists through dangerous raft rides and wild crocodiles. she discovers that her husband is now the personal physician to the island’s enigmatic prince. the prince lusts for linda, and a love triangle ensues.
corpus document110
everything's rosie
dr. j. dockweiler droop (robert woolsey) is a carnival charlatan, scamming local shills out of their hard earned money. he adopted rosie (anita louise) when she was three, and has raised her to become a pretty young woman, who is just as good an operator as her adoptive father is. as they pass through a small town, rosie falls in love with billy lowe (john darrow), and pleads with dockweiler to leave the carnival life and settle down. dockweiler agrees, and the two leave the carnival. to support them, dockweiler becomes partners with a jewelry store owner, al oberdorf (alfred james), who is on the verge of bankruptcy. due to dockweiler's sales skills, he saves the store from failure. he has also been spending his time convincing the gullible townspeople that he is actually a european noblemen. while rosie is in love with billy, she finds out that he is engaged to a snobbish socialite, madeline van dorn (lita chevret). heartbroken, when billy invites her to his birthday, she agrees to go, along with dockweiler. while at the party, dockweiler decides to get back at the townspeople who have heartbroken his daughter, and runs a crooked shell game, bilking the locals of large amounts of cash. when rosie discovers that billy has true feelings for her, and intends to marry her, she asks dockweiler to lose back the money he has won. he agrees, but before the evening is out, the sheriff (clifford dempsey) arrives and asks him to leave town for running a dishonest game. before they can leave, however, the jewelry store is robbed, and suspicion falls on dockweiler who is arrested for the theft. he escapes from the jail, and is leaving town with rosie, when the sheriff and billy track them down to let them know that the real jewel thieves have been apprehended. dockweiler understands that he will never fit in with the local gentry, so, now assured of rosie's happiness with billy, bids them adieu and departs.
corpus document111
the false madonna
in a heavy rainy night 2 couples -dr. ed marcy, tina, rose and peter angel - are brought to the station by a hotel bus. alone in the cabin, they argue with the one of them, who cheated at cards and who to blame, that they were thrown out of the hotel. sometime later the train conductor calls on dr. ed marcy because a woman is seriously ill. marcy refuses first, saying he didn't practice since long, but as the train conductor insists he goes to the cabin of the lady. he finds out, that she was going to see her son philipp bellows in new york, whom she hadn't seen for fourteen years and who inherited $10,000,000 from her estranged ex-husband. the woman dies in the train and marcy takes her photographs and a necklace and convinces tina to impersonate philipps mother. tina who has been longing an opportunity to quit the gang accepts. she meets philipp at his long island new york estate, where he lives with his guardianship grant arnold and the nurse alice. she soon finds out that he is blind due to an airplane crash two years before. he doesn't realize that she is an impostor and asks her to stay. she gets acquainted to philipp and develops motherly feelings for philipp and in general she's touched and moved by the affection of philipp. philipp on his part is worried about leaving her something when he dies, knowing that through his will only an aunt will inherit. so he asks grant to give her a cheque about $50.000 so that she can live better, but grant tears up the cheque, as he knows about her. but he doesn't say anything to philipp, as he knows how sick he is, and he'll soon have to die. so he warns tina to avoid philipp too much stress. meantime marcy is coming to the house to oblige tina to do something, but in that night philipp dies. as marcy appears the next day demanding money, grant tells marcy that he has called the police, and informs him that he found out that marcy was disbarred from practicing medicine and is wanted by the police. marcy escapes and tina is relieved to have that part of her life over, now that she has learned the joy of giving. grant offers her a home with him and she accepts with an embrace.
corpus document112
fanny foley herself
edna may oliver plays a widowed woman with two daughters (helen chandler, rochelle hudson) who attempts to revive her career as a vaudeville performer. her wealthy father-in-law, who believes that a vaudeville performer is not fit to bring up children properly, forces her to choose between her daughters or her career. in the end, all is forgiven and the father-in-law asks fanny to sing one of her songs.
corpus document113
fifty million frenchmen
set in paris, the story concerns the exploits of wealthy jack forbes (william gaxton), who bets his friend michael cummings (john halliday) that he can woo and win looloo carroll (claudia dell) without using any of his money or connections. cummings hires simon and peter (ole olsen and chic johnson), a pair of erstwhile detectives, to make sure that forbes doesn't win his bet. instead, simon and peter befriend our hero and decide to help him out. olsen & johnson have all the best material, notably an early double entendre encounter with a randy american tourist (helen broderick) and a scene in which olsen impersonates a mind-reading fakir (bela lugosi) -- who loses his clothes in the process! the finale has the comedians being chased by every law officer in paris.
corpus document114
fighting caravans
clint belmet (gary cooper) is a bit of a firebrand and is sentenced to at least 30 days in jail, but his partners, bill jackson (ernest torrence) and jim bridger (tully marshall) talk a sympathetic frenchwoman named felice (lili damita) into telling the bumbling, drunken marshal that clint had married her the previous night. clint is released so he can accompany felice on the wagon train heading west to california. a short time later, felice finds out that bill and jim had lied to her; she did not need a man in order to join the wagon train. in a short stopover in a town, they learn that the indians are causing trouble, so clint offers to guide the wagon train through the dangerous trails ahead. on the journey, felice's wagon runs out of control downhill and clint rescues her. felice starts talking about marriage. clint has always been free and wants to stay that way, so he leaves. he later finds out that indians (kiowas and cheyenne who have been talked into the warpath by crooked traders) are planning to attack the wagon train. he, bill and jim rush back to save the day. the indians attack at a river crossing. clint helps save the day with some barrels of gunpowder but his friends are killed. the survivors continue on to california.
corpus document115
the fighting marshal
tim benton (tim mccoy) is falsely accused of killing his own father and escapes from prison along with brutish red larkin (matthew betz). the fugitives head for the former benton mine now operated by the villainous john sebastian (ethan laidlaw), where tim plans to rob the payroll. en route, they are discovered by bob dinsmore (anders van haden), the new marshal of silver city, who is killed by red.[2]
corpus document116
the finger points
breckenridge "breck" lee (richard barthelmess) is a young, naïve kid from the south who comes to new york to get a job as a newspaperman. after getting hired by the press, his first assignment is to expose the existence of a newly opened gambling parlor. gangster louis j. blanco (clark gable) attempts to bribe lee to keep quiet. lee refuses to accept the bribe, and publishes an article about the casino which subsequently gets raided by the police. mugged and severely beaten by gangsters, lee winds up in the hospital. upon leaving the hospital and returning to work, he longs to marry fellow reporter marcia collins (fay wray), but his meager salary combined with the hospital bill prevents this from happening. lee attempts to seek a raise from city editor frank carter (robert elliott), but is refused the increase in pay. yearning for the aforementioned bribe, lee re-approaches blanco with a deal that he will not report on the organization's dealings in return for a fee. as blanco pays well for lee's un-reporting, marcia becomes suspicious of lee's wealth, but lee denies any illegality in the acquisition of the money. becoming increasingly confident of his control, lee determines to acquire a larger share of the bribes by shaking down the gangsters. after learning that number one, the head of the organization, is planning on opening a new gambling house, he threatens blanco that he will print that information unless he gets a bigger share of money. upon meeting number one, lee obtains the larger graft, but is warned that if the story gets published, he will be in danger. feeling that lee is untrustworthy, collins agrees to marry fellow reporter charles "breezy" russell (regis toomey). consequently, lee decides to go straight and leave the city with marcia if she will marry him. she acquiesces, but "breezy" publishes the gambling story, hoping to impress marcia. the following morning as lee and marcia are getting ready to leave, "breezy" shows up with his story in the newspaper. after lee sees it, he decides to go to the bank to retrieve his money despite marcia's pleas not to. lee is followed and killed by gangsters. at his funeral, lee is named as a hero. marcia stays quiet, although she knows the truth.
corpus document117
five star final
joseph w. randall, the city editor of a tabloid newspaper, reluctantly agrees when publisher bernard hinchecliffe plans to boost circulation with a retrospective series on a 20-year-old murder and scandal, involving a secretary, nancy voorhees, who shot the man who got her pregnant and then refused to marry her. nancy is now married to michael townsend, an upstanding member of society, and has a daughter, jenny, about to marry the son of a socially prominent family, philip weeks. she reacts with horror at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her. to dig up dirt about nancy, randall assigns an unscrupulous reporter, "reverend" t. vernon isopod, who masquerades as a minister and wins the confidence of the bride's parents on the eve of the wedding. they confess to him their concerns that nancy's past will come out, and he uses their information to write a story that randall prints. nancy tries to get randall to back away from the story, but when he refuses she kills herself, as does her husband shortly afterwards. phillip's parents pressure him to call off the wedding to nancy's daughter jenny, but he refuses and stands up to them. an enraged jenny threatens randall at gun point, attempting to force him to take responsibility for the deaths of her mother and father, but philip shows up and calms her down. a guilty randall denounces hinchecliffe as a hypocrite and decides to quit the paper, as does his secretary miss taylor, who's been in love with him for years.[2][3][4]
corpus document118
flying high
waitress pansy botts (charlotte greenwood) places an ad in the pilot's gazette for a husband, offering a $500 reward, but is unsuccessful. at the nearby airfield, inventor rusty krouse (bert lahr) has built the "aerocopter", intending to enter it in the upcoming 10th annual air show. with finances depleted, rusty looks to sport wardell (pat o'brien) for help in finding a wealthy investor. soon, fred smith (guy kibbee) and his daughter eileen (kathryn crawford) show some interest in the aerocopter, but have no ready cash. rusty is worried that his partner will go to jail after accepting a check from mr. smith. sport convinces him to marry pansy and use her $500 dowry to salvage the company's future. sport convinces pansy that she is marrying the man in the picture (clark gable) he shows her. nevertheless, she is instantly attracted to rusty. the deal with the smiths falls through when both smith and sport are arrested for shady dealing. sport tells his new love, eileen, that he has to find bail money and the only way is for rusty to fly his invention at the air show and win the prize money. in order to qualify as a pilot, rusty ends up being examined by doctor brown (charles winninger), who thinks he is mad. pansy chases after the reluctant groom, who has gotten cold feet, and finally traps him. during the air show, both pansy and rusty end up at the airport and in the aerocopter. after taking off clumsily, crashing through the roof of a hangar, once in the air, rusty tells pansy that an important part is out on the wing and they need it to land. pansy climbs onto the wing, but has to parachute to safety. rusty keeps flying higher, reaching a height of 53,000 feet before he releases fuel and eventually descends, passing pansy on her way down. he crash-lands heavily at the airfield, emerging from the wreckage to find he has been awarded first prize. with the prize money saving the company, all the couples then happily reunite.
corpus document119
frankenstein
in a european village, a young scientist, named henry frankenstein, and his assistant fritz, a hunchback, piece together a human body, the parts of which have been collected from various sources, including stealing freshly buried bodies in a cemetery, and recently hanged criminals. frankenstein desires to create human life through electrical devices which he has perfected. he sends fritz to a school where dr. waldman, henry's old medical professor, teaches, to steal a brain; fritz drops the normal brain and has to take the brain of a criminal. elizabeth, his fiancée, is worried over his peculiar actions. she cannot understand why he secludes himself in an abandoned watch tower, which he has equipped as a laboratory, refusing to see anyone. she and a friend, victor moritz, go to dr. waldman, and ask waldman's help in reclaiming the young scientist from his experiments. waldman tells them that frankenstein has been working on creating life. elizabeth, intent on rescuing frankenstein, arrives just as henry is making his final tests. he tells them to watch, claiming to have discovered the ray that brought life into the world. they watch frankenstein and the hunchback as they raise the dead creature on an operating table, high into the room, toward an opening at the top of the laboratory. then a terrific crash of thunder, the crackling of frankenstein's electric machines, and the hand of frankenstein's creature begins to move, prompting frankenstein to shout 'it's alive!'. the manufactured creature, despite its grotesque form, initially appears to be a simple, innocent creation. frankenstein welcomes it into his laboratory and asks his creation to sit, which it does. he then opens up the roof, causing the creature to reach out towards the sunlight. fritz enters with a flaming torch, which frightens the creature. its fright is mistaken by frankenstein and waldman as an attempt to attack them, and it is chained in the dungeon. thinking that it is not fit for society and will wreak havoc at any chance, they leave the creature locked up, where fritz antagonizes it with a torch. as henry and waldman consider the creature's fate, they hear a shriek from the dungeon. frankenstein and waldman find the creature has strangled fritz. the creature lunges at the two but they escape, locking the creature inside. realizing that the creature must be destroyed, henry prepares an injection of a powerful drug and the two conspire to release the creature and inject it as it attacks. when the door is unlocked the creature lunges at frankenstein as waldman injects the drug into the creature's back. the creature falls to the floor unconscious. henry collapses from exhaustion, and elizabeth and henry's father arrive and take him home. henry is worried about the creature but waldman reassures him that he will destroy it. later, henry is at home, recovered and preparing for his wedding while waldman examines the creature. as he is preparing to vivisect it, the creature awakens and strangles him. it escapes from the tower and wanders through the landscape. it has a short encounter with a farmer's young daughter, maria. she is not afraid of him and asks him to play a game with her in which they toss flowers into a lake and watch them float. the creature enjoys the game, but when they run out of flowers he thinks maria will float as well, so he throws her into the lake where, to his puzzlement, she drowns. upset by this outcome, the creature runs away. with preparations for the wedding completed, henry is serenely happy with elizabeth. they are to marry as soon as waldman arrives. victor rushes in, saying that the doctor has been found strangled. henry suspects the creature, who enters elizabeth's room, causing her to scream. when the searchers arrive, they find elizabeth unconscious on the bed. the creature has escaped. maria's father arrives, carrying his daughter's body. he says she was murdered, and the villagers form a search party to capture the creature, and bring it to justice (dead or alive). in order to search the whole country for the creature, they split into three groups: ludwig leads the first group into the woods, henry leads the second group into the mountains, and the burgomaster leads the third group by the lake. during the search, henry becomes separated from the group and is discovered by the creature, who attacks him. the creature knocks henry unconscious and carries him off to an old mill. the peasants hear his cries and they regroup to follow. they find the creature has climbed to the top, dragging henry with him. the creature hurls the scientist to the ground. his fall is broken by the vanes of the windmill, saving his life. some of the villagers hurry him to his home while the rest of the mob set the windmill ablaze, killing the entrapped creature inside. at castle frankenstein, frankenstein's father, baron frankenstein, celebrates the wedding of his recovered son with a toast to a future grandchild.
corpus document120
a free soul
defense lawyer stephen ashe (lionel barrymore) successfully defends known gangster ace wilfong (clark gable) from a murder charge, despite his knowledge of ace's other illegal activities. his upper-class family has all but disowned him and his daughter jan (norma shearer), due to stephen's alcoholism and jan's free spirited willfulness. jan is engaged to clean-cut dwight winthrop (leslie howard), but their relationship is threatened when she meets ace and becomes enamored with him and his exciting life. as stephen continues to slip deeper into alcoholism, jan breaks her engagement with dwight and begins a clandestine affair with ace, which grows into love. this comes to a head when ace asks a drunken stephen if he can marry jan; stephen, offended by the request, angrily refuses, and when he discovers jan in ace's boudoir, takes her home. they have an argument over their respective vices, and jan proposes a deal: she will never see ace again if stephen will give up drinking. despite knowing he cannot keep his promise, stephen agrees, and the two of them leave for a cleansing camping holiday, along with stephen's fiercely loyal assistant eddie (james gleason). after three months of sobriety, stephen buys a bottle of liquor and boards a train for an unknown destination. jan returns home to find her family has cut her off; feeling despondent, she visits ace. he reacts angrily and possessively to her return and informs her that they will be married the next day. jan slowly realizes what sort of man he really is, and sneaks away. ace follows her to her apartment and, after a brief confrontation involving eddie and dwight, threatens jan that she cannot get out of marrying him, and that if she marries dwight he (ace) will make sure dwight is killed. dwight goes to ace's gambling club and kills him, then turns himself in for the murder. he tells the police that it was over a gambling debt, to protect jan's reputation even though it will mean his own execution. jan finds stephen in a flophouse, seriously ill from his drinking binge, and brings him to dwight's trial. over the objections of both dwight and the prosecuting attorney, stephen puts jan on the witness stand and brings out the full details of her relationship with ace, and the true reason dwight killed him. in an emotional appeal to the jury, stephen takes the blame for everything that happened, explaining that his alcoholism meant that he had failed to be a proper father to jan until it was too late. he then collapses to the ground, dead. dwight is acquitted and, as jan prepares to leave for a new life in new york, promises to follow her.
corpus document121
freighters of destiny
john macy runs a wagon train caravan which supplies a remote settlement. his son, steve, helps him in running the caravan, as well as dating one of the local girls in the town, ruth. randolph carter is a local banker who covets the commerce created by the wagon train. carter hires gunmen to attack the caravan, who in a raid, kill macy, and take possession of the wagons and their supplies. steve, who was not with the caravan at the time of the attack, takes over running the caravan. due to the losses inflicted by the gunmen, steve is forced to go to the local bank for a loan, in order to keep the operation running. however, carter is the banker and refuses to provide him with the necessary funds. two of steve's friends, rough and ready, go to the bank in an attempt to convince carter to change his mind. when the opportunity arises, the two friends help themselves to the needed funds from the bank's safe. steve takes the money, not knowing how it was obtained. when carter accuses steve of stealing the money, he is forced to flee. when he and his two friends take refuge in a cabin in the mountains, they uncover the true gunmen who have been plaguing the caravan, who are plotting to attack the next caravan, as well as disclosing where they have hidden the wagons they have stolen previously. as rough and ready head out to recover the stolen wagons, steve heads into the town to expose carter. however, carter has already convinced the town leaders that steve is not to be trusted, and that he should be given the contract to run the caravan. steve, hiding from the townspeople, now that carter has turned them against him, manages to convince ruth of his innocence. he escapes from the town and joins rough and ready, who are bringing the stolen caravan and the much needed supplies into town. the caravan is once again attacked by carter's henchmen, but this time they are ready, and defeat the gunmen. the caravan arrives in town, at which point steve exposes carter as the mastermind behind the attacks. steve remains in control of the caravan, and wins the hand of ruth.
corpus document122
friends and lovers
british army captain geoff roberts (adolphe menjou) carries on an affair with alva (lili damita), the wife of the cruel victor sangrito (erich von stroheim). sangrito, however, is well aware of the affair, as he uses his beautiful wife to lure men into romance with her, then blackmailing them to save their careers. when roberts falls into sangrito's trap, he pays the blackmail and leaves for india, hoping to forget alva, whom he loved but now believes betrayed him. after some time in india, he is joined by his young friend and bosom companion lt. ned nichols (laurence olivier). nichols, too, is in love with a woman back in england—the same woman. although the two friends nearly come to blows over alva, they eventually realize that she has been false to them both and that their friendship far outweighs their feelings for a mendacious woman. however, when the two are invalided home, they encounter alva again, and learn that she may not have betrayed them after all.
corpus document123
the front page
the film, considered a screwball comedy, centers on a reporter, hildebrand 'hildy' johnson (pat o'brien) and his editor (adolphe menjou), who hope to cash in on a big story involving an escaped accused murderer, earl williams (stone) and hide him in a rolltop desk while everybody else tries to find him.
corpus document124
gentleman's fate
jack thomas has grown up in the belief that he was an orphan. his guardian tells him that he has an elder brother (frank tomasulo) and a dying father. they are both in the liquor business prohibition era. on his deathbed the father gives jack an emerald necklace. jack gives it to his fiancé. it turns out that the necklace was stolen. frank does not want his father's name to be put in the dirt, so he forces his kid brother to admit that he stole the nacklace. so he does. his fiancé marjorie channing breaks off the engagement and travels to england. jack decides to join the family business. he kills the member of a rival mob, and its leader wants revenge by killing jack.
corpus document125
girl of the rio
south of the u.s. border, don josé tostado, a mexican cabellero, falls in love with dolores romero, a dance-hall girl. owning one of the larger ranches in the area, tostado is not used to people telling him no. when romero resists his advances, using a fictional boyfriend as her excuse, this only increases his interest in her, and his attempts to win her favor. as part of that attempt, he plans to throw a gala in her honor. meanwhile, romero falls for johnny powell, a dealer at a nearby casino. she confides in him that she has no interest in romero, but doesn't know how to get him to leave her alone. powell offers to take her away and get married. they make their plans, but before they can carry them out, tostado learns of them and hatches a plot of his own: he frames powell for a murder and has him arrested. when dolores hears that tostado has paid the jailer to kill johnny during an escape attempt, she makes a deal with tostado to give herself to him in exchange for johnny's life and freedom. tostado agrees. when johnny is freed, dolores makes it clear that she is no longer interested in him, and that she intends to marry tostado. dolores leaves with tostado, heading for his ranch. on the way, she attempts to commit suicide, but is stopped by tostado, who is startled to discover that she would rather be dead than be stuck with him for the rest of her life. when they arrive back at his hacienda, they are surprised by johnny, who fights tostado. when they police arrive, they arrest johnny, and are ready to execute him summarily, on tostado's orders. dolores intercedes on johnny's behalf, and her pleas have their desired effect. realizing that he's beaten, tostado calls off the police, and lets dolores leave with johnny.
corpus document126
girls about town
wanda howard (kay francis) and marie bailey (lilyan tashman) go out with two balding, middle-aged businessmen from out of town (for $500 apiece) to help jerry chase (alan dinehart) close a sale. however, the women, who share a luxurious suite in an apartment building, have their african-american maid hattie (louise beavers) disguise herself as their mother, waiting at the window, to avoid having to invite the men inside. wanda is getting tired of how she makes a living, but she and marie go aboard a yacht the next night to divert rich practical joker benjamin thomas (eugene pallette) and his handsome business associate jim baker (joel mccrea). jim knows that the women are paid "entertainment", but quickly finds himself falling for wanda anyway, and vice versa. (when jerry pays her for her efforts, wanda tears up the check.) once jim realizes she genuinely loves him, he asks her to marry him. although she is initially reluctant, she agrees. however, she informs jim that there is one complication: her estranged husband alex (anderson lawler). she asks him for a divorce, and he agrees. meanwhile, benjamin's wife, who is divorcing him because of his stinginess, shows up and asks marie to stop making a fool of him. marie realizes that mrs thomas (lucille gleason) is still in love with her husband, and comes up with a plan to cure him of his tightfisted ways. the next day, marie steers benjamin to the jewelry store where mrs thomas is waiting. mrs thomas, pretending not to see him, complains (in a loud voice) how cheap her husband is. benjamin becomes so angry he buys marie lots of expensive items for about $50,000. that night, alex crashes the birthday party marie has arranged for benjamin. he tells jim that he wants $10,000 or he will name jim as the co-respondent in the divorce. alex insinuates that wanda is part of the blackmail scheme. believing the lie, jim breaks up with wanda. wanda visits alex in brooklyn and demands he give the money back. he introduces her (as "cousin wanda") to the ailing mrs. howard and their baby, the reasons he needs the money so desperately. he confesses that he got a divorce in mexico 2 years before, and promises to pay her back once he is back on his feet financially. touched, wanda leaves without the check. wanda decides to auction off enough of her possessions to her friends to raise $10,000 and pay jim back. she also asks marie to return her jewelry. wanda gives jim the proceeds; even before that, however, he has come to his senses, and the couple reconcile. marie gives benjamin's gifts to his wife and reunites that couple.
corpus document127
god's gift to women
wealthy french playboy toto duryea (frank fay) is irresistible to women, but is in love with none of them. according to monsieur rancour (armand kaliz), for toto, "every woman is like a new dish to be tasted." when he is finally and instantly smitten with american diane churchill (laura laplante), he has great difficulty proving to her and her father (charles winninger) that he truly loves her. finally, he convinces her that he is sincere; mr. churchill insists that toto give up his women and carousing and stay away from his daughter for six months to prove he has reformed. he also asks that toto get examined by churchill's doctor. dr. dumont (arthur edmund carewe) has bad news for toto: his heart is so weak, even the excitement caused by so much as a woman's kiss would be fatal. toto takes to his bed, but three of his girlfriends insist on nursing him: fifi (joan blondell), florine (louise brooks) and dagmar (yola d'avril). when they all converge on his bedroom and discover each other, they engage in a three-way catfight. then an outraged husband (john t. murray) shows up to shoot him. fortunately, dr. dumont arrives and divulges toto's condition. the husband and the three women all leave. then diane shows up. before she leaves with her father for america, she insists on spending an hour of passion with him. unable to resist, he kisses her. when he remains alive, he upbraids the newly arrived dr. dumont for his faulty prognosis. mr. churchill explains that he had dumont fake his diagnosis; it was all a test of toto's claim that he loved diane "more than life itself". convinced, he gives toto permission to marry diane.
corpus document128
goldie
in every port, sailor bill, spencer tracy, meets girls, who sailor spike, warren hymer, has already met, and talked into getting his signature tattoo. when bill and spike finally meet, they become friends. then, they meet carny high diver, goldie, jean harlow.
corpus document129
the great lover
jean paurel is a famous opera star, who agrees to help diana page her career, in order to take advantage of her. but instead he finds himself falling in love with her.
corpus document130
grief street
a womanizing matinée idol is found strangled in his dressing room. the door is locked from the inside and there is no other way into the room. he had been having an affair with his leading lady, while his actress wife is doing the same with the stage manager. everyone, including a young actress who had been fired from the play, and an old actor now relegated to a stage-doorman, has a motive.the explanation for the murder lies within the script of the play.
corpus document131
the guardsman
the story revolves around a husband-and-wife acting team. simply because he is insecure, the husband suspects his wife could be capable of infidelity. the husband disguises himself as a guardsman with a thick accent, woos his wife under his false identity, and ends up seducing her. the couple stays together, and at the end the wife tells the husband that she knew it was him, but played along with the deception.
corpus document132
guilty hands
on a train trip, lawyer richard grant (lionel barrymore) tells fellow passengers that, based on his long experience both prosecuting and defending murder cases, murder is sometimes justified and a clever man should be able to commit it undetected. he is traveling to the isolated estate of his wealthy client and friend, gordon rich (alan mowbray); his young adult daughter barbara (madge evans) surprises him at the train station, where she informs him that she has already been there a week. grant's view is soon put to the test. rich asks him to rewrite his will, including bequests to all his former mistresses (except one who is dead already; she was just 16, and grant believes it was suicide). when rich explains that he wants a new will because he intends to marry barbara, grant is appalled. he repeats what he said on the train. rich deserves to be murdered, and if that is what it takes to stop the marriage, grant will do it and get away with it. rich retorts that if necessary he will retaliate from beyond the grave. grant replies that he will meet him in hell. barbara had not yet told her father because rich asked her not to. he now pleads with her, pointing out the great age difference and rich's indecent character. he says a bride's wedding night should be a "thing of beauty", but rich will leave a more horrible, shameful, long-lasting memory than her innocent mind can imagine. but she loves rich and is adamant. nor has tommy osgood (william bakewell), a young man barbara had been seeing, been able to change her mind. at a dinner party that night, rich announces the wedding and says it will take place in the morning. grant's congratulatory remarks include a veiled threat about "all the hours of your life". rich's longtime girlfriend, marjorie west (kay francis), is dismayed, but after the party he assures her that, as usual, he will return to her once he exhausts his obsession with barbara. he is only marrying barbara because she would not go to bed with him otherwise. rich orders two servants to watch grant's bungalow on the estate, but grant uses a cutout mounted on a record player to cast a moving shadow on the curtain as if he is pacing restlessly, and slips back to the main house. meanwhile, rich goes to barbara's room. he loses control and grabs her roughly; she recoils in disgust and he leaves, returning to his den. rich now writes a letter to the police accusing grant in case he is found dead, but at this point grant sneaks into the room, takes rich's gun from his desk, and shoots him during a clap of thunder. grant places the gun in the dead man's hand, takes the letter, and returns to his room just in time to be seen by the servants. when the body is discovered, grant insists that his host must have committed suicide. to grant's shock, barbara soon informs him that she had changed her mind, rendering the crime unnecessary. alone of all the houseguests, marjorie west is certain it was murder. she figures out how grant concocted his alibi, then accidentally finds the imprint of the incriminating letter on the desk blotter. however, grant returns and wrestles the evidence away from her. he tells her that if she accuses him, he will trump up a murder case against her, based on her jealousy of barbara and her inheritance under rich's existing will; but if not, she is free to enjoy rich's fortune. when the police arrive, west is uncertain what to do. the coroner examines (and moves) the body. the chief of police, an old friend, accepts grant's "conclusion" that it was suicide. west finally decides to speak out, but just then the gradual rigor mortis contraction of the victim's trigger finger reaches the point where the gun fires. grant is fatally wounded. "you did it, rich", he remarks cryptically, and then asks tommy to take good care of barbara. seeing no reason to hurt barbara, marjorie decides to remain silent after all.
corpus document133
gun smoke
following a killing and robbery in a big city back east, gang leader kedge darvas (boyd) and some of his henchies take a train to a small western town in idaho, with intentions of hiding out there until things cool down back in chi or nyc, or wherever they lammed from. they are welcomed with open arms by the citizens under the impression they are there as capital investors with money to spend. before long, darvas figures the town is ripe for the taking and sends word for reinforcements, and each arriving train unloads a few suits and snappy-brim hats. then they get rough, kill sheriff posey meed (oliver) and rile up the citizens, led by cowhand brad farley (arlen), who had darvas spotted for a wrong number just by the way he made moves on sue vancey (brian),
corpus document134
heaven on earth
in 1927, captain lilly (harry beresford) is a steamboat captain who pilots a boat on the mississippi river, with the help of his son, states (lew ayres). along their route is a shantytown made up of houseboats, the residents of which often fight with the steamboat crowd. after a shooting match between states and shanty-boater chicken sam (john carradine), sam reveals to states his true heritage: captain lilly killed states' real father - a shanty-boater - and adopted states as his own son. states confirms this fact with court records, and after leaving captain lilly, becomes a boarder on aunt vergie's (elizabeth patterson) houseboat. vergie's daughter towhead (anita louise), falls in love with states and, understanding that he's homesick, sneaks onto captain lilly's steamboat and takes his dog, shoo-fly. states tries to get the dog to return to captain lilly, but shoo-fly insists on staying by his side. later when captain lilly approaches states to ask him to come back, he sees shoo-fly and - believing that states kidnapped the dog - denounces him. states then builds his own shanty-boat with a breakwater protecting it, only to have captain lilly drive his own steamboat into it, thinking it is creating a bar in the river. unknown to captain lilly, towhead, was in states' boat at the time, and she is injured during the crash. states also plans to marry towhead, but captain lilly has him institutionalized in a reform school when he hears of his plans. states is later freed from the institution by some of his friends and then borrows a gun with the intention of going after captain lilly and killing him. in the meantime, the mississippi river has begun to flood dangerously, and people from the nearby town have been trying to burn down the shantytown, prompting the shanty-boaters to release their boats from their moorings. states dives into the river, swimming for aunt vergie's boat. captain lilly follows with his steamboat, scanning the river with a searchlight. states finds vergie and towhead on their shantyboat and stays with them, boarding up the windows. captain lilly catches sight of aunt vergie's shantyboat headed for a break in a levee and, realizing that it will likely be destroyed, saves the boat just before it reaches the break. lilly continues to help other shanty-boaters, his former rivals, and by morning, states is back in captain lilly's pilot house with towhead by his side.
corpus document135
hell divers
leading chief petty officer "windy" riker (wallace beery)[note 2] is a veteran aerial gunner of a navy helldiver dive bomber and the leading chief of fighting squadron one, about to go to panama aboard the uss saratoga aircraft carrier. he loses his five-year title of "champion machine gunner" after young c.p.o. steve nelson (clark gable) joins the squadron. windy, notorious for using his fists to enforce discipline, is charged by local police with wrecking a turkish bath. windy is saved from arrest, however, when lieutenant commander jack griffin (john miljan), skipper of the squadron, intervenes on his behalf. griffin and his second-in-command, lieutenant "duke" johnson (conrad nagel), agree that nelson is the best candidate to replace windy as he ponders retirement. the chiefs engage in friendly rivalry until the squadron practices a new dive-bombing technique and steve becomes a hero, saving the base from being accidentally bombed by climbing out on the wing of his dive bomber to hold in place a bomb that failed to release. feelings turn bitter when steve contradicts windy's explanation of the accident and windy punches him in resentment. windy is dressed down by duke when the officer sees the punch. when steve's sweetheart, ann mitchell (dorothy jordan), visits him, he proposes marriage to her, but windy uses a practical joke to get even with steve. unaware that ann is steve's fiancee and not simply a girl he is trying to impress, windy bribes an old acquaintance, lulu (marie prevost), to pretend to be steve's outraged lover. ann leaves upset and will not listen to steve's denials. griffin loses an arm following a mid-air collision at night. the accident occurs when the aircraft are returning from delivering the admiral and his flag to the saratoga before the squadron embarks.[note 3] griffin is retired and replaced in command of fighting one by duke johnson. windy becomes johnson's gunner when the squadron flies to the ship. during a bombing exercise off panama, windy misplaces his code book and delays the takeoff of the squadron. as punishment, he is assigned to supervise a work party when the ship docks, missing liberty and keeping him from seeing mame kelsey (rambeau), the woman in panama he wants to settle down with after retirement. steve, who knows mame, encounters her on the dock and shares her carriage, but windy hears about it and sneaks into town. mame tries to convince steve to patch up his differences with windy, then promotes peace between them when windy shows up at her hotel. having a drink together in the bar, however, windy starts a brawl. steve tries to help him avoid the local police but windy is thrown in jail. as the saratoga passes through the panama canal, mame bails windy out of jail and he catches up to it by stealing a boat. for his transgressions, the captain of the saratoga reduces windy one rate from chief. windy is disciplined at "captain's mast" and reduced to aviation machinist's mate 1st class for leaving his post without authorization, absent without leave, and missing ship. steve reluctantly becomes leading chief. during a mock battle, steve's aircraft crashes near a rocky island, killing the pilot and leaving steve with a broken leg. duke and windy land to rescue steve, but duke suffers a head injury and windy has to save both. they have only a radio receiver and cannot be found in the fog. steve and windy become friends while waiting for rescue. windy writes ann a note confessing what he did with lulu. after four days, duke's condition worsens, steve develops blood poisoning, and they hear on the radio that the saratoga is leaving. windy tries to save them by flying them out in duke's dive bomber, with duke in the rear cockpit and steve riding on the wing. despite the fog, they find the aircraft carrier, but crash on landing and windy is fatally injured. by his last request, windy is buried at sea as a missing man formation flies overhead.
corpus document136
his woman
while docked in a caribbean port aboard a third-rate freighter, captain sam whalan (gary cooper) gets involved in a drunken brawl in a seedy tavern. returning to the ship, sam discovers that a baby boy, rescued from a drifting navy boat, has been left for an unnamed sailor aboard his ship. deciding to adopt the child himself, sam advertises for a "mother" and soon hires sally clark (claudette colbert) as the child's nanny in exchange for her passage to new york. sally tells him she is the daughter of a recently deceased missionary. unknown to sam, sally is actually a dance hall girl dressed to appear virtuous and proper. during the voyage, sally takes loving care of the child while sam protects her from the lusty sailors on board. one night, the first mate, gatson (averell harris), recognizes sally from a dance hall and tries to blackmail her into sleeping with him. sally struggles to reject his advances, and sam comes to her rescue. in the ensuing struggle, gatson falls overboard. unable to locate him in the dense fog, he is assumed dead. by the time they arrive in new york, sam and sally have fallen in love and intend to marry. the department of commerce, however, calls sam to testify in an investigation of the gatson incident, and he is soon arrested. sam and sally are surprised to learn that gatson survived, was picked up by a cruise ship, and is now pressing charges against sam for assault and attempted murder. in the course of the investigation, in order to clear sam of the charges, sally is forced to reveal her sordid past as a dance hall girl. shocked and disappointed by the revelation, sam tells sally to leave the ship, and decides to put the baby up for adoption, despite sally's sincere protests. after sending his assistant aloysius (hamtree harrington) to deliver sally's luggage, sam goes off drinking with gatson. later that night, a vengeful sam brings gatson to sally's apartment to insult her. when she learns from another sailor that the baby was left out in the rain and is now sick, she immediately comes to care for the infant with the help of a doctor. sam postpones his next sailing mission until the child's fever breaks and he begins to recover. by the time the baby is well and the ship pulls up anchor, sam and sally have made amends and renew their plans to marry.
corpus document137
a holy terror
polo player tony bard (george o'brien) travels west to investigate his father's murder, and meets jerry foster (sally eilers) on a wyoming ranch. after being kidnapped, tony escapes and discovers his true father (james kirkwood) and learns that he was raised by another man (robert warwick) who was in love with his mother.[1][2]
corpus document138
honor among lovers
wall street trader jerry stafford (fredric march) is a lucky man to have a very efficient and whitty secretary: julia traynor (claudette colbert), who manages nearly all spheres of her boss' life. her fiancé philip craig (monroe owsley) works too in the wall street broker milieu. friend monty dunn (charlie ruggles) hangs around in the different locations with a girl, doris brown (ginger rogers), defining her a little dumb, like the office of jerry, the wall street location. when jerry tries to kiss julia during their lunch in the office, he realizes that he feels more than simple fun-relationship. but julia wants a husband, young and full of hope. so jerry leaves charging her to call miss maybelle worthington (avonne taylor) to let her know he will pick her up in half an hour, and that she please dress nicely. the same woman, for which jerry asked julia to choose a bracelet, shortly before lunch. he leaves and the frost between boss and secretary is huge. monty dunn appears with doris brown at the restaurant, where julia and phillip are meeting after the flop of jerry. after a while jerry arrives with miss worthington, and they realizes that some of them knew each other. julia and philip decide to marry on monday. jerry's persistent demands at the back of her mind. arriving at the office late she has to tell stafford that she has married, so his proposal remains untaken. jerry fires her, he could't work with her knowing she is married to another man, while he wants her so much. after a year, on her first wedding anniversary julia invites jerry over. but he who had forgotten how lovely she its, falls again for her kissing her in the garden. meantime monty has told philip that their investment in silk has lost. philip tries to make a public scene, but julia prevents it. julia flies to washington by train. philip searches for her at jerry's place. when he doesn't find her he thinks jerry lies, and shoots him. jerry somehow covers him. julia is picked by the police in the train and brought back to new york. at police headquarters when julia and philip are left alone, philip confesses all to julia, who is terrified. for the police' recording devices it's enough proof. philip is arrested. but jerry tries to do everything in his power during the trial not to incriminate him. finally phillip is free. but julia has decided to leave philip. when he comes home she has already packed her things. and then jerry rings the bell, and while philip thinks all was organized from him, they tell him, that they didn't see each other since the night when all happened. but they leave together, while jerry talks about the south of france, where they wanted to go...
corpus document139
a house divided
a widowed fisherman (huston) falls in love with and marries a younger woman (chandler), who falls in love with the man's son (montgomery).
corpus document140
i like your nerve
in latin america, larry o'brien (douglas fairbanks, jr.) sees diane forsythe (loretta young) and quickly falls in love. she, however, is engaged to marry the much older clive lattimer (edmund breon). larry discovers that her motive is to save her stepfather, areal pacheco (henry kolker), from being shot. pacheco, the minister of finance, has embezzled $200,000 from the national treasury, and an audit is scheduled soon. lattimer is extremely wealthy and willing to make up the shortfall in exchange for diane. to keep larry from disrupting the arrangement, pacheco has his butler luigi (boris karloff) arrange diane's kidnapping (to lattimer's country estate). larry rescues diane and leaves her in the care of his friend, archie lester (claud allister). then he telephones a newspaper to report his "ransom" demand of $200,000. citizens demand pacheco pay the sum, but larry points out that diane's fiance is the only person in the country with access to that much money. lattimer refuses at first, but soon caves in to the outrage. larry collects the money at the arranged dropoff point and later presents it to pacheco, who then cancels diane's engagement to lattimer.
corpus document141
i take this woman
after causing yet another scandal, kay dowling (carole lombard), the spoiled daughter of wealthy new yorkers, is given a stark choice by her fed-up father (charles trowbridge), go to his ranch in ursula, wyoming, (to avoid being named a co-respondent in a divorce case) or be disinherited. kay's fiance, herbert forrest (lester vail), proposes getting married immediately, but she chooses the ranch. later, while spending her days on the ranch with her good-humored aunt bessie, kay falls reluctantly in love with one of her father's cowhands, tom mcnair (gary cooper), and impulsively marries him. when her father learns of the union, he disowns her. kay and tom are forced to live in a one-room shack while tom tries to expand his cattle herd. one year later, kay is unhappy with life on the ranch, and longs for the comforts of her family's palatial mansion. one day, she receives a telegram from home, and tells tom that her father is sick and that she must be with him. back in new york, kay writes a letter to tom, asking for a divorce. soon after, tom arrives at the estate and explains that he left the ranch to become a professional bronco rider in a rodeo. kay assumes that he never received the letter, and tom never mentions it. one night during a party, tom overhears the guests making fun of him and he tells kay she can have her divorce. later, as she realizes that life with herbert would amount to a life of playing golf, kay visits tom at the rodeo. during his performance, he is thrown from a bronco and hurt. kay rushes to tom's side, and the two reconcile and decide to return to the ranch.
corpus document142
illicit
anne vincent is a woman who has modern ideas about love. she believes that marriage kills love and leads to unhappiness and, inevitably, divorce. although her boyfriend, dick ives ii, and his father, dick sr., try to persuade anne to get married, she resists their arguments. anne and dick live together for a while without getting married but eventually anne caves in to avoid scandal and agrees to marry dick. anne receives a telegram from her ex-boyfriend, price baines, saying that he wants to visit her. dick tries to prevent anne from seeing him, but she does so anyway. price tries to persuade anne not to get married, tells her that he is still in love with her and warns her that she will be unhappy if she marries, but she remains unconvinced. anne marries dick and eventually they settle down and start to behave like a typical married couple. they tire of each other, avoid each other and fight over silly things. dick becomes interested in margie true, who tells him that she is in love with him. soon, he begins a torrid affair with her. he spends less and less time with anne. eventually anne tells dick that they need to separate for a time. dick tires of margie while anne does the same with price, who attempts to rekindle their old relationship. the separation makes dick and anne realize how much they love each other. they resume their relationship, initially as a courtship. eventually, they cohabitate as husband and wife.
corpus document143
indiscreet
the plot of the united artists release centers on fashion designer geraldine trent (swanson), who takes up with novelist tony blake (lyon) after leaving her former beau jim woodward because of his many indiscretions with other women. tony has indicated he has no interest in dating a woman with a past, so geraldine remains mum about her affair with jim, until her younger sister joan arrives and announces she's engaged—to jim. madcap complications ensue as geraldine tries to keep her secret from tony while convincing her sister to rid herself of her womanizing fiancé in favor of simple country boy buster collins.[2]
corpus document144
inspiration
yvonne valbret (garbo) is a parisian kept woman who poses as an artist's model. she falls in love with a young student of foreign diplomacy, andré montell, played by robert montgomery. when andré learns of her past and her multiple lovers, he leaves her. but finding yvonne living in poverty when their paths cross again, he pays for her to live in his country cottage outside paris and they engage in a platonic relationship. he soon reveals his intent to marry another woman as yvonne begs him not to desert her. andré eventually realizes he loves yvonne and decides to choose love over career. when he comes to the cottage to tell her, he is met by one of yvonne's old lovers pleading with her to return to him. she immediately decides to marry andré, but fearing their relationship will ruin his career, she chooses her old amour and writes andré a farewell note while he is sleeping.
corpus document145
iron man
after lightweight prizefighter kid mason (ayres) loses his opening fight, golddigging wife rose (harlow) leaves him for hollywood. without her around, mason trains seriously and starts winning. naturally, rose returns and worms her way back into his life, despite the misgivings of manager george regan (armstrong). eventually, she cons mason into dumping regan and replacing him with her secret lover lewis (miljan), even though he has almost no experience in the fight game. to make matters worse, mason's high living and neglect of his training threatens his latest title defense.
corpus document146
it pays to advertise
rodney martin sets up a soap business to rival his father. with the help of an advertising expert and his secretary, mary, he develops a successful marketing campaign. his father ends up buying the company from him, while rodney and mary fall in love.[2]
corpus document147
just a gigolo
lord robert brummell (william haines), a bachelor is ordered by his wealthy uncle lord george hampton (c. aubrey smith) to settle down with a wife. not wishing to tie himself down to any one girl, brummell endeavors to prove that no woman is worthy of him by pretending to be a gigolo.[1]
corpus document148
kept husbands
arthur parker (robert mcwade) is a wealthy steel magnate who is relating the story to his snobbish wife and spoiled daughter of one of his plant supervisors who fearlessly rushed in and saved the lives of two of his fellow co-workers. when his wife, henrietta (florence roberts), asks if he rewarded the young man, parker shows his astonishment by saying that the hero had refused the thousand dollars he had offered. when the daughter, dot (dorothy mackaill), remarks that she would like to meet a man like that, the father tells her not to worry, she will, for he is coming to dinner that very evening. henrietta is aghast at having to socialize with someone not of their class, but parker, who is a better judge of character, assures her that all will be well. during dinner, dot is smitten with the young man, dick brunton (joel mccrea). she makes a bet with her father that she can get him to marry her within four weeks. the father takes that bet, and lo and behold she wins dick’s heart and gets him to accept her proposal of marriage by the deadline, despite his fears of their different social circumstances. after the wedding, parker sends the newlyweds on an expensive honeymoon to europe, after which they return to their lavish home, also supplied by parker. parker also promotes dick, but within six months, his new lifestyle threatens to emasculate dick, who loses interest in his career and finds himself dominated by dot's vapid, social whirl of bridge games, cocktail parties and passive acceptance of life as a "kept husband". this does not sit well with the proud husband, and when parker offers him a chance to prove himself with a new position in st. louis, he jumps at the chance. when told of the opportunity however, dot is less than enthusiastic, not wanting to leave her friends and social circle. she refuses to agree to accompany dick. dick decides to go to st. louis, with or without dot, making her incredibly upset. not knowing what to do, he goes to ask advice from his mother (mary carr), who tells him that he needs to reconcile with dot before he leaves for st. louis. meanwhile, dot has agreed to meet with a former beau, charles bates (bryant washburn), who attempts to seduce her. when she returns to their house the following morning, dick questions her regarding her whereabouts. she lies to him, and he knows it, since he had seen her with washburn the prior evening. furious, he storms out, saying their marriage is over, and intending to resign from parker’s company. realizing her love for him, dot eventually finds dick at the rail station, about to leave for st. louis. he has decided to take parker’s position after all. the husband and wife reconcile, with dot agreeing to live within the means that dick's salary can provide.
corpus document149
kiki
kiki (mary pickford) is a hapless french chorus girl who has just been fired from her job. she doesn't accept it and goes to see producer victor randall (reginald denny). he, however, is really busy and is annoyed by her presence. to get her out of his office, he promises her job back. before she leaves, she drops her purse and clippings of victor shaped in hearts fall out. it becomes clear kiki is secretly in love with him. when the next show becomes a disaster because of kiki, she is again fired. she goes complaining at victor randall's office for the second time. he is now charmed by her and invites kiki to his apartment. there, she notices a photo of his ex-wife paulette vaile (margaret livingston). he kisses her, but she is insulted and slaps him. she hides in another room and makes clear she feels used and thinks victor is still not over paulette. she eventually falls asleep in the room and finds a letter from paulette the next morning. although it's for victor, she reads it. it says she is sorry about last night and wants to make up with victor. kiki becomes jealous and ruins the letter. meanwhile, the servants are irritated by kiki and try to get her out of victor's apartment. victor confronts her when the servants inform him kiki has stolen a few of paulette's letters. he eventually finds the letters and reads them. victor and kiki have a conversation and flirt for the first time. kiki becomes angry when victor receives a phone call from paulette and answers it. paulette later visits victor's apartment. kiki is outraged and tells paulette she is in love with victor and intends to marry him. victor catches kiki intimidating and scaring paulette and orders her to get out. victor and paulette fall in love with each other again, but they find out kiki hasn't left the apartment. kiki pretends to be unconscious. victor puts her in bed to rest and kiki kisses him. he tells paulette he can't leave kiki alone. paulette feels betrayed and leaves him. victor and kiki finally fall in love and kiss.
corpus document150
ladies of the big house
young florist kathleen storm (sylvia sidney) is instantly the object of desire of a young man standing in front of the shopwindow, where she is arranging flowers. they have two wonderful weeks in their life together before they marry. the same day her criminal ex-boyfriend kid athens (earle foxe), who heard about her wedding, decides to frame her and her new husband. she and her husband standish (gene raymond) end up in prison. he is sentenced to death penalty on a charge of murder and she to a life sentence. in prison she meets a woman, susie thompson (wynne gibson), that was kid athens girlfriend before her, who after an initial raging jealousy ends up helping her to tell the authorities the truth about kid athens and she and her husband's innocence. justice wins and the couple can finally have a honeymoon on a ship.
corpus document151
the lady refuses
sir gerald courtney (gilbert emery) is an aristocrat whose son, russell (john darrow), prefers to spend his time partying with young women rather than focusing on the promising career he has in architecture. when russell leaves one evening to revel with the gold-digging berthine waller (margaret livingston) rather than spending it dining with his father, sir gerald is a bit despondent. as he ponders what to do about his wayward son, providence takes a hand. a beautiful destitute young woman, june (betty compson), on the verge of entering into the oldest of professions due to her desperation, is being pursued by the london police. sir gerald, who was at the window in the first floor watching his son leaving with berthine waller, observes how june leaves a taxi on the other side of the street, and is being cornered by the police. as she comes over to his house to knock, he opens the door and welcomes her as an old friend he was expecting, reassuring the policemen that she is a respectable citizen. after they leave, sir gerald invites her to dinner, after she told him her situation. then he proposes to hire june for a 1000 pounds to prevent his son to fall into the clutches of berthine. june does her job beautifully, as russell leaves berthine and begins to concentrate on his architectural career, much to his father’s delight. there’s a slight hitch however: june has fallen in love with sir gerald, rather than russell. devastated, russell calls berthine to meet him at his apartment (which is upstairs in the same building where june lives). seeing all of her work being unwound in a single evening, june lures russell down to her apartment, where she gets him so drunk that he passes out and spends the night. when berthine arrives at russel’s apartment, she has been followed by an ex-lover, nikolai rabinoff (ivan lebedeff). in a jealous rage, nikolai kills berthine. the following morning russell awakes to find june gone, having vowed to not come between the son and the father. he is also the main suspect in berthine's murder. seeking shelter from his father, russell refuses to invoke june as his alibi. in order to save him, june steps forward and admits that russell spent the night in her apartment. sir gerald, thinking the worst, renounces his devotion for june, which devastates her, but confirmed what she always feared: that he would never rely on her. june leaves his house, but when sir gerald discovers the innocence of russell’s night spent in her apartment short after, he understands his own mistake and vows to track her down and spend the rest of his life with her.
corpus document152
the last flight
after world war i, pilots cary lockwood (richard barthelmess), shep lambert (david manners), bill talbot (john mack brown)and francis (elliott nugent), who are suffering from shell shock, band together in paris. feeling they have no future, the men are constantly drunk. one night, as they make the rounds of nightclubs, they meet nikki (helen chandler), a wealthy but aimless woman, who they invite into their group. later, when an american reporter named frink (walter byron) makes a pass at nikki, she shows no interest in him. the ex-flyers move to nikki's hotel where they continue drinking. nikki is attracted to cary she tags along when he goes to a cemetery where he tells her the story of héloïse and abelard, star-crossed lovers. when nikki starts to cry, cary is sympathetic until she announces that she now has names for her two turtles. with that, cary suddenly gets angry and decides to leave for portugal. after learning of his plans, nikki and the others, including frink, follow him. on the train, frink tries to force himself on nikki but the other men come to her rescue. at a bullfight in lisbon, bill rashly leaps into the ring and is fatally gored. with bill at the hospital, the others visit a carnival where outside a shooting gallery, cary and frink quarrel and frink threatens to shoot cary. without thinking, francis shoots frink while shep is fatally wounded in the crossfire. frightened, francis disappears and the group is forever split asunder. cary explains to nikki that after the war, all they had left was their comradeship. she begs to stay with him.
corpus document153
laugh and get rich
sarah austin (edna may oliver) runs a boarding house during the depression, always on the verge of bankruptcy. her husband, joe (hugh herbert) is a shiftless person who has never understood the concept of work; he is constantly involving them in get-rich-quick schemes. their daughter, alice (dorothy lee), has her eyes set on poor young inventor, larry owens (russell gleason), but her mother wishes she would become involved with bill hepburn (john harron), seemingly from a well-connected family. sarah's illusions about bill, however, are dashed when bill kidnaps joe, whom he mistakes for mr. pennypacker. shortly after this, joe takes sarah's life savings, which she has hidden in a lamp, and invests it in an oil well, conned into it by one of sarah's boarders, mr. phelps (robert emmett keane). when sarah finds out, she is furious, so joe goes out and takes a job as a ditch digger. however, much to everyone's surprise, the oil well actually strikes oil. believing that they are rich, sarah and joe go visit sarah's sister, cassie palfrey (louise mackintosh), who lives in an estate on long island. while there, the oil well runs dry, and their newfound wealth evaporates. however, all is not lost, as they find out that one of joe's inventions, a tire valve, has attracted an investor, and they will be making over $50,000 per year off the invention, a veritable fortune in 1931.
corpus document154
laughing sinners
ivy stevens (joan crawford) is a cafe entertainer in love with a shifty salesman (neil hamilton) who deserts her. in attempting to commit suicide, she is saved by carl (clark gable), a salvation army officer. encouraged by carl, ivy joins the salvation army. when her old flame re-enters her life, ivy finds she is still attracted and begins another affair with him. carl steps in and urges ivy to resume her life with the salvation army. ivy realizes that if she continues the affair, her life will only spiral downward. she drops the affair and resumes her commitment to the salvation army.
corpus document155
little caesar
small-time criminals caesar enrico "rico" bandello (edward g. robinson) and his friend joe massara (douglas fairbanks jr.) move to chicago to seek their fortunes. rico joins the gang of sam vettori (stanley fields), while joe wants to be a dancer. olga (glenda farrell) becomes his dance partner and girlfriend. joe tries to drift away from the gang and its activities, but rico makes him participate in the robbery of the nightclub where he works. despite orders from underworld overlord "big boy" (sidney blackmer) to all his men to avoid bloodshed, rico guns down crusading crime commissioner alvin mcclure during the robbery, with joe as an aghast witness. rico accuses sam of becoming soft and seizes control of his organization. rival boss "little arnie" lorch (maurice black) tries to have rico killed, but rico is only grazed. he and his gunmen pay little arnie a visit, after which arnie hastily departs for detroit. the big boy eventually gives rico control of all of chicago's northside. rico becomes concerned that joe knows too much about him. he warns joe that he must forget about olga and join him in a life of crime. rico threatens to kill both joe and olga unless he accedes, but joe refuses to give in. olga calls police sergeant flaherty and tells him joe is ready to talk, just before rico and his henchman otero (george e. stone) come calling. rico finds, to his surprise, that he is unable to take his friend's life. when otero tries to do the job himself, rico wrestles the gun away from him, though not before joe is wounded. hearing the shot, flaherty and another cop give chase and kill otero. with information provided by olga, flaherty proceeds to crush rico's organization. desperate and alone, rico "retreats to the gutter from which he sprang." while hiding in a flophouse, he becomes enraged when he learns that flaherty has called him a coward in the newspaper. he foolishly telephones the cop to announce he is coming for him. the call is traced, and he is gunned down by flaherty behind a billboard - an advertisement featuring dancers joe and olga - and, dying, utters his final words, "mother of mercy, is this the end of rico?"
corpus document156
local boy makes good
sheepish bookstore employee john miller has become infatuated with a college girl, julia winters, he has never met. his love letters to her are accidentally mailed, so julia comes to visit, under the mistaken impression john is a college track star. while co-worker marjorie helps continue his deception, john tries to join the school's team. his wild javelin throw nearly kills other athletes, who chase him off the field. the college's coach is amazed at how fast john can run. julia figures out she's been had. a psychology student, she analyzes john as a boy with an inferiority complex. after the coach finds john and invites him to run, julia persuades him to race against her old boyfriend, spike hoyt, a star athlete and a bully. majorie eventually talks john into it, even getting him drunk enough to do it.
corpus document157
lonely wives
richard "dickie" smith (edward everett horton), is a seemingly respectable defense attorney by day, who turns into a philandering don juan when the clock strikes 8 o’clock. his wife, madeline (esther ralston), has been away for several months, and is not expected back anytime soon. however, madeline's mother, mrs. mantel (maude eburne) is staying with the smiths, in an effort to curtail the possibility of any straying by richard. unbeknownst to her, he has made plans to go out on the town that night with his new, sultry secretary kitty minter (patsy ruth miller), and his new sexy client, diane o'dare (laura la plante), who, a lonely wife herself, wishes to divorce her husband for neglect. the issue is how can he go out on the town without alerting his mother-in-law. an issue which is seemingly resolved by the arrival at his home of a vaudeville impersonator: felix, the great zero (also played by edward everett horton). felix is seeking permission to impersonate the famous lawyer on-stage. at first reluctant, richard, noticing the striking resemblance between himself and the actor, realizes he might have a way to deceive mrs. mantel. in order to obtain his approval, felix must agree to impersonate him at his house that evening, while he goes out. while richard goes out on the town, he discovers that diane's husband is none other than felix. meanwhile, madeline arrives home unannounced and early.thinking that he is about to be exposed, felix phones the nightclub where richard has taken the two women for dinner and drinks. as he waits for the return phone call, much to his surprise, rather than exposing him as an imposter, madeline begins to come on to him. he attempts to resist, trying to hold out until he can speak to richard, but he succumbs to her charms just as the phone begins ringing. when richard returns home the next morning, felix is still there. he is followed closely by a very inebriated diane, with whom it seems he has spent his time away from home. when felix recognizes diane, and richard understands that felix has spent the night at his house, both men believe that his look-a-like has slept with the others' wife. after a series of events, smith ends up chasing zero with a loaded gun. meanwhile, andrews, the butler, (spencer charters), thinks he must have the dt’s, seeing double of his employer. the truth comes out when madeline admits that she knew it wasn't richard all along, and other than the kissing, nothing happened between the two of them. diane admits that she spent the night in the cab, riding around, and not with richard. reconciled, richard is cured of his wandering ways and felix and diane are reunited.
corpus document158
the magnificent lie
recovering from a world war i head wound, soldier bill childers is paid a hospital visit by rosa duchene, a renowned french singer and actress who is contributing to the war effort. it was love at first sight, but bill does not see her again for 12 years, during which time his combat injury has left him almost totally blind. in the lumber business with partner elmer graham, word comes that the famous rosa is coming to town to perform. bill excitedly brings her flowers, but is duped by two french actors into believing that another woman, known as poll, is actually rosa. bill goes permanently blind and the haughty rosa has no interest in him. poll falls for bill, but during her impersonation of the other woman, bill recognizes their disparity in height. he is angered by her deception, he angrily leaves. an auto accident results in a serious leg injury for poll but the sudden restoration of bill's eyesight. both agree to give their relationship one more try.
corpus document159
the maltese falcon
in san francisco, private investigator sam spade (ricardo cortez) and his partner miles archer (walter long) are approached by ruth wonderly (bebe daniels) to follow a man, floyd thursby, who allegedly ran off with her younger sister. the two accept the assignment because the money is good, even though they disbelieve her story. late that night, police detective tom polhaus (j. farrell macdonald) informs spade that archer has been shot and killed while tailing thursby, but spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body at the scene. as he's leaving, he has a brief conversation in chinese with a man loitering in a doorway. later, polhaus and his superior, lt. dundy (robert elliott), visit spade at his apartment. thursby has been killed, and they want to know where spade's been in the last few hours — they suspect him of killing thursby to avenge the death of his partner. with no real evidence against spade, they leave. the next day, spade calls on ruth wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. she uses several different ploys to keep spade on the case in spite of the two murders, but spade sees through them. despite this, he gets only a little information from her: thursby was her accomplice whom she no longer trusted, and she feels she's in danger — but she won't tell spade what she and thursby were trying to pull off. frustrated, spade begins to leave, but then thinks better of it. he takes $500 from wonderly, supposedly the last of her money, and goes. at the office, spade tells his secretary, effie (una merkel) to have archer's name removed from the door, and he receives a visit from a dr. joel cairo (otto matieson), who offers spade $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird that he is trying to recover for the "rightful owner". not knowing anything about this statuette, spade plays along, overpowering cairo when he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office. nevertheless, he agrees to try to recover the statuette. that night, at his apartment, spade questions wonderly about cairo and the black bird. nervous about cairo's offer and afraid of losing spade's help, she begins to attempt to seduce him, but is interrupted when dundy and polhaus arrive. spade keeps them outside the door as they question him about his relationship with archer's wife, iva (thelma todd), with whom spade has been having an affair. they are about to leave when wonderly screams, and they rush in to find her holding a gun on cairo. spade laughs the incident off with a preposterous story which nonetheless gets the police to leave, with cairo in tow, allowing spade and wonderly to continue their "interrogation". the next morning, as wonderly sleeps in his bed, spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing. returning to his own place, spade gets a visit from iva archer. spade tries to get rid of her, but she sees wonderly in the bedroom doorway and leaves in a huff, threatening to tell everything she knows to lt. dundy. spade receives a note from casper gutman (dudley digges), inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. over drinks and cigars, spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels covered over with enamel, and that gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird. spade lies to gutman that "for the right price" he can deliver the figurine in a couple of days, and they make a deal which gutman seals with a $1000 bill. just then, cairo arrives and tells gutman privately that spade does not have the falcon, that captain jacoby (agostino borgato), whose ship la paloma arrives from hong kong that night, does. gutman then slips spade a mickey in a celebratory drink, and retrieves his $1000. later that night, spade arrives back in his office, where he finds effie asleep behind his desk. suddenly, a man staggers in, collapses to the floor and dies — it's captain jacoby, having been shot several times. the suitcase he was carrying has the precious black bird in it. spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. called in to see the district attorney (morgan wallace) because of what iva's been telling the police, spade stonewalls them, and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers. wonderly lures spade into his apartment, where cairo and gutman are waiting for him with guns. knowing that spade has the falcon, gutman gives him ten $1,000 bills in an envelope, but spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" to give the police to account for the murders (archer, thursby and jacoby), and suggests gutman's gunman, wilmer cook (dwight frye), as the patsy. gutman rejects this idea, and spade then puts forward cairo as a candidate. cairo counters that spade's been paid and should bring forward the bird, and they all settle in to wait for the morning, when spade says he can produce it. as wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches, gutman accuses her of stealing one of the bills from the envelope, prompting spade to have her strip. when he finds she doesn't have the bill on her, he accuses gutman of palming it, which gutman admits. now having the upper hand, spade tells gutman that wilmer will be the fall guy, which cairo and gutman discuss in a whispered conference. goaded by spade, wilmer pulls his gun, spade knocks him out — and gutman and cairo agree to spade's proposal. after spade calls effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase with the falcon in the morning and bring it to them, gutman explains to him how wilmer killed thursby and jacoby. when the bag shows up, wilmer escapes out the window while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird. they soon determine that it is a fake — they've been duped by the previous owner — and gutman and cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. as they leave, gutman takes back his $10,000 from spade at gunpoint. spade immediately calls detective polhaus and tells him to pick up gutman, cairo and wilmer: he'll provide wilmer's guns as evidence. confronting wonderly, spade accuses her of killing archer to throw suspicion on thursby and get him out of the way. she admits it, and spade tells her that he's going to turn her in for the murder, despite their love for each other. when dundy and polhaus show up, they reveal that wilmer shot gutman and cairo dead before being apprehended. spade gives them wilmer's guns, tells them that wonderly killed archer, and they take her away. we then learn from a newspaper article that spade "caused a sensation at [wonderly's] trial when he produced lee fu gow, chinese merchant, the only eye-witness to the archer killing, who positively identified miss wonderly as the murderess". spade goes to visit wonderly in prison to tell her that he's been made chief investigator for the district attorney's office. spade instructs the prison matron (played by lucille ward) to treat wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. when the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, spade tells her to send the bill to the d.a.'s office: "i'll ok it."
corpus document160
the man in possession
raymond dabney (montgomery) returns to a mixed reaction from his middle-class family in london after serving a sentence at hm prison wormwood scrubs for stealing a motorcar. his mother (beryl mercer) and the family servant (maude eburne) are delighted to see him, but his father (c. aubrey smith) and brother claude (reginald owen) are less so. his father is particularly disappointed in him, having sent him to cambridge. the two men offer him £500 to leave the country and never return; it seems claude is engaged to a rich widow, and they are anxious to avoid any scandal that might endanger the marriage. raymond turns it down, however, and departs the same day. he obtains work as a sheriff's officer, helping a bailiff serve a writ on crystal wetherby (purcell), a woman in serious debt, taking possession of her property. the bailiff instructs him to remain in crystal's mansion to keep an eye on the seized property until the next day, but also to provide any reasonable assistance to the woman. crystal and her sole remaining servant, clara (greenwood), have him take the place of the departed butler. then crystal mentions the name of her fiancé, none other than claude dabney. claude is bringing his parents to dinner that night to meet her. the situation is awkward for all the dabneys. meanwhile, crystal's admirer, the wealthy and generous (if disreputable) sir charles cartwright (alan mowbray), shows up. crystal has carefully kept the news of her engagement from him. she manages to get the jealous man to leave without him meeting her dinner guests. before claude leaves, he informs crystal that her butler has a crooked past (without revealing they are brothers), but she refuses to discharge him (without revealing he is actually in possession of the premises). to complicate matters even further, that night raymond seduces a willing crystal. the next morning, raymond prepares crystal's breakfast in bed, though clara insists on taking it up to her. when crystal removes the cover, she sees that the bacon has been arranged to spell the word "love". clara picks up crystal's undergarments scattered around the room, noting that her chemise is torn. crystal does not correct clara's incredulous assumption that it was claude who ripped it. raymond then proceeds to sabotage crystal's other relationships. when sir charles arrives, raymond informs him of her engagement, causing the latter to tear up a check for £1000 he was about to give crystal. claude then offers his brother £1000 to leave england forever; raymond insists on being paid an additional £200 for immediate expenses. then raymond shows claude the writ, proving crystal is not the wealthy woman she pretends to be. panic-stricken, claude tells raymond to reveal to her that they are brothers (in order to break off the engagement without being sued for breach of promise) and hastily departs. sir charles returns, having discovered that his love for crystal is too strong, but she declines his proposal of marriage. when the bailiff shows up, raymond pays off the outstanding debt, collects his wages, and informs crystal that they can be married on the ship taking them to a fresh start in a new country. she reminds him of her past, but he is undeterred. she then happily embraces him.
corpus document161
man of the world
in 1930's paris, american michael trevor (william powell) poses as a novelist but is actually a former newspaper man who took the fall for some scam in the states and had to flee the country. embittered, he now prints a weekly scandal sheet and blackmails expats to keep their names out of his rag. while extorting $2000 from the wealthy harry taylor (guy kibbee) (a scam done so smoothly that harry thinks michael a great friend who has done him a big favor), michael meets harry's niece, mary kendall (carole lombard), and the two feel an instant mutual attraction. mary has a boyfriend, frank reynolds (lawrence gray), but she is not passionate about him. michael's partners in crime are irene hoffa (wynne gibson) and fred (george chandler). irene is a former flame who is still not over michael. she needs money to keep her brother out of prison and proposes that they extort more money from harry by embroiling mary in a scandal. michael resists - he has a rule never to target women - but then reluctantly agrees. while frank is away on business, michael spends time with mary and they fall in love. she tries to write a breakup letter to frank, but is unable to finish it. worried that mary would not love him if she knew who he really is, michael tells her his whole life story. mary says that it is all in the past; they love each other and nothing else matters. michael tells irene that he and mary are going to be married and that he is done with his life of crime. irene says that someday his past will come out and mary will then be the wife of a criminal. these words weigh on michael and he realizes that, for her own sake, he cannot marry mary. michael tells harry that he was behind the earlier scam and demands a further $10,000 or he will print a piece about his planned wedding to mary. harry is angry and mary is hurt and confused, but michael is determined to go ahead with his scheme. harry pays him off with a check and mary collapses in tears. after seeing how much michael cares for mary, irene decides to instead get the money needed for her brother by selling her jewelry. she also tells the police that michael is behind the scandal sheet and they give him 24 hours to leave france. mary and frank sail back to pittsburgh, a conspicuous engagement ring on her hand. michael heads to capetown, and agrees to let irene come along. aboard ship, he tears up the $10,000 check.
corpus document162
mata hari
in 1917, france is embroiled in world war i. dubois, head of the french spy bureau, offers to spare the life of a captured agent (an uncredited mischa auer) if he will reveal who he is protecting. dubois suspects it is mata hari, a celebrated exotic dancer, but the prisoner chooses execution by firing squad. lieutenant alexis rosanoff of the imperial russian air force lands in paris after a dangerous flight over enemy territory, bringing important dispatches from russia. he persuades his superior, general serge shubin, to take him to see mata hari perform that night. rosanoff is instantly smitten by her (as are most of the men of paris). by youthful exuberance and good looks, he persuades her to spend the night with him. however, the next morning, she makes it clear to him that it was a one-time dalliance. carlotta secretly instructs mata hari to report to andriani, their spymaster. andriani orders her to find out from general shubin the contents of the dispatches rosanoff brought. meanwhile, when dubois discloses his suspicions about mata hari to shubin, the general laughs them off as ridiculous. however, shubin has himself passed secret information to his lover mata hari, whom he is expecting for a private dinner. rosanoff arrives unexpectedly, in case shubin has further instructions before the pilot returns to russia with more important dispatches. upon learning of rosanoff's mission, mata hari arranges for a confederate to steal the dispatches, photograph them and then return them undetected, while she keeps a puzzled, but delighted rosanoff occupied. this is the opportunity for which dubois has been waiting. he informs shubin of mata hari's recent activities, inciting his jealousy. she comes to see the general, but is unable to persuade him she was only doing her job. in fact, she has fallen in love with the younger man. furious, shubin telephones dubois and confirms that mata hari is a spy. she shoots him dead before he can carry through on his threat to implicate rosanoff. mata hari goes into hiding, but when andriani informs her that rosanoff crashed and was seriously injured on his way back to russia, she defies him and resigns to go to her love. rosanoff has been blinded, but may recover his sight. after a joyful reunion (in which she does not reveal her desperate predicament), she is arrested by dubois. at her trial, her lawyer, major caron, points out that dubois' case is weak; all his testimony is second-hand. however, when dubois threatens to have rosanoff brought in to testify that he met her outside shubin's office just after the murder, mata hari gives up. she is sentenced to death. she writes to rosanoff, telling him that she cannot see him for a while, as she has to go to a sanatorium for her health. shortly before her execution, rosanoff is brought to her. the jailor and the attending nuns all maintain the pretense that they are in a sanatorium. rosanoff tells the prisoner that he will likely see again and he looks forward to their future life together once she has recovered her health. finally, mata hari is taken away to face the firing squad, with rosanoff under the impression that she is going into surgery for a routine operation.
corpus document163
men in her life
julia cavanaugh is a formerly rich socialite who is heavily in debt. she meets count ivan karloff, a russian con-man, whom she hopes to marry to relieve her financial problems. they get engaged and he seduces her but when he finds out that she has no money, he abandons her. shortly afterwards, she meets a retired bootlegger named flashy madden, a rough type who offers to pay off her debts if she will teach him how to be a gentleman. she replies that she can only teach him how to behave like one, not how to be one, but she accepts the offer. julia is being courted by the son of a senator and although she is uncertain, she knows that it will benefit her precarious situation and finally accepts. just as the engagement is about to be announced, flashy tells julia that he is in love with someone and can she help him find the words to tell her. they perform a mock proposal together and just as flashy is about to do it for real, she tells him about her up-coming engagement. flashy is disappointed but wishes her well. the engagement is announced in the press and the count reads about it. he appears at julia's apartment and attempts to blackmail her. flashy is in an adjoining room and overhears the interchange. he tells julia that he will take care of it and takes the money to karloff's lodgings. an argument ensues over relinquishing indiscreet letters from julia and karloff pulls out a gun and is shot by flashy in the struggle over the gun. flashy is arrested but refuses to say anything in order to protect julia. he does tell his defense counsel, however, and the lawyer goes to see julia about it. julia agrees to testify even though it will destroy her reputation. over flashy's protests and outbursts in court, she gives testimony about what happened. her fiancé is in the spectators gallery and on hearing the truth, he leaves the court and ends the engagement. flashy is acquitted on the grounds of self-defense and is released. he decides to go to florida and goes to say goodbye to julia. julia repeats the same words that flashy had spoken to her in the mock-proposal, saying that there is a man, the greatest gentleman she has ever known, with whom she is in love and whom she doesn't know how to tell. they embrace and kiss.[4]
corpus document164
men of chance
a destitute marthe preston is in dire straits in paris until gambler richard dorval comes to her aid. in gratitude, she agrees to a scheme of dorval's to seduce and wed his rival, "diamond johnny" silk, then help ruin johnny's horse-racing business interests. marthe's inside information enables dorval and an accomplice, bookie joe farley, to bribe johnny's jockeys to deliberately lose races or to help them influence the odds. johnny learns the truth and demands she leave. martha has fallen in love with her husband, however, so she pretends to go along with a plot to poison johnny's horse, double-crossing dorval and rejoicing in johnny's triumph.
corpus document165
men of the sky
in the years before world war i, a love affair takes place between an american pilot named jack ames (jack whiting) and a french spy named madeleine aubert (irene delroy). madeleine leaves her american fiancé to join her father (john st. polis), another french spy, at an estate in germany. her father instructs her to accept the invitation of a prussian officer, eric von coburg (bramwell fletcher), to live at his estate for a month. jack, believing that madeleine no longer loves him, joins the lafayette escadrille, a squadron of french and american flyers. his first duty is to take a french spy, dressed as a prussian officer, over the lines. the spy is wounded during the crossing, however, and jack must take his place. the french spy tells jack that another french spy will signal him on the piano, playing a happy tune if danger threatens and sad music if the house is safe. jack puts on the spy's uniform and arrives to find madeleine at the piano. after madeleine explains her mission, they continue to exchange messages. the germans, however, become suspicious of madeleine and on a night jack is set to visit, she is entertaining officers of the german intelligence. one of them asks her to play sad music. realizing that this will place jack in danger, she signals jack in morse code with her left hand. the officers discover the trick, and jack and madeleine are captured, accompanying her father to the firing squad.
corpus document166
millie
millie (helen twelvetrees) is a naive young woman who marries a wealthy man from new york, jack maitland (james hall). three years later, unhappy in her marriage due to her husband's continued infidelity, she asks for and receives a divorce. because of her pride, she does not want his money, but she also does not want to deprive her daughter of a comfortable lifestyle. she allows jack and his mother (charlotte walker) to retain custody of millie's daughter connie (anita louise). focusing on her career, she rises through the hierarchy of the hotel where she is employed, shunning the attention of the rich banker jimmy damier (john halliday), preferring the attentions of the reporter tommy rock (robert ames), although, due to her prior sour relationship, she refuses to marry him. eventually, millie is promoted to the head of operations for the hotel. at the same time, tommy is offered a lucrative position at the bank by damier as a favor to millie. however, at the celebration party, millie discovers that tommy, just like maitland, is cheating on her. betrayed a second time, millie becomes very bitter. with her female cohorts, helen and angie (lilyan tashman and joan blondell, respectively), she becomes a woman who loves a good time, floating from man to man. this goes on for several years, until she hears that damier has taken an interest in her teen-age daughter, connie, who bears a striking resemblance to her. millie warns damier to leave her daughter alone, but, although he promises to stay away from connie, he ignores millie's warning and takes connie to a remote lodge to seduce her. millie is tipped off, goes to the lodge with a gun, confronts jimmy and kills him. in the ensuing murder trial, millie tries to keep her daughter's name out of the press and claims not to remember why she shot jimmy. she says that another woman ran out of the lodge after the shot, but claims that she did not see who the woman was and has no idea as to her identity. the prosecution thus claims that millie's motive was jealousy of jimmy's romantic relationship with this unknown other woman. millie's friends, however, help to bring out the truth, and when the jury finds out that millie's true motive was to protect her daughter from jimmy's lascivious intentions, they acquit her. in the end, millie is reunited with her daughter and her estranged husband's family.
corpus document167
the millionaire
wealthy car manufacturer james alden (george arliss) is forced to retire by his physician, dr. harvey (j. c. nugent). however, idleness soon bores him. he takes the advice of brash life insurance salesman schofield (james cagney) and buys half interest in a gas station from peterson (noah beery) without telling his wife laura (real-life spouse florence arliss) or socialite daughter barbara 'babs' alden (evalyn knapp). as he is known nationwide, he uses the alias charles miller. he and new partner william 'bill' merrick (david manners) quickly discover that they have been swindled. a new highway opens the next day and peterson's new gas station takes nearly all their business away. refusing to give up, james convinces bill to borrow $1000 from his aunt to build a new gas station right across the street from peterson's. bill is an architect, so he does the design work. with james' business sense, they thrive, while peterson languishes. one day, babs stops at the station for gas. bill recognizes her (they met once at a dance when they were attending the same university) and strikes up a conversation. soon, babs is a frequent customer. james is secretly pleased, as he disapproved of the rich idler she had been dating, carter andrews (bramwell fletcher), but publicly he discourages his daughter from seeing someone not of their lofty social rank. in the end, peterson buys james and bill out (at a substantial profit to them). bill finally works up the courage to speak to babs' father about marrying her and is stunned to learn his future in-law's identity.
corpus document168
the miracle woman
florence fallon is outraged when church elders, in order to make way for a younger preacher, fire her minister father after his many years of selfless service. following her father's death, she tells the congregation what she thinks of their ingratitude and hypocrisy. her bitter, impassioned speech impresses bob hornsby, who convinces her to become a phony evangelist so they can squeeze donations out of gullible believers. promoted as sister fallon, florence then travels about the country with bob, who manages her "temple of happiness". soon she attracts a devoted national following, but the religious sham comes tumbling down once she meets and falls in love with john carson, a blind war veteran. when florence is blackmailed by bob, she tells john of her charade. john then puts a plan in motion to expose hornsby and the organization
corpus document169
monkey business
on board an ocean liner to america, four stowaways are involuntarily pressed into service as toughs for a pair of feuding gangsters while constantly trying to evade the ship's crew.[4] prior to this development, the film has no real plot, with the brothers merely causing unending uproar. except in the credits and in the screenplay, the brothers' characters have no names in this film. they are referred to simply as "the stowaways". after arriving stateside, one of the gangsters kidnaps the other's daughter, leaving it up to the brothers to save the day.[5]
corpus document170
mr. lemon of orange
el brendel plays the dual role of silent mcgee, a tough gangster, and mr. oscar lemon, a mild-mannered swede who coincidentally looks exactly like the gangster mcgee. silent mcgee disguises himself as a swedish immigrant while running from the law, causing mr. lemon to be mistaken for the wanted man. fifi d'orsay stars as julie larue, a comedic vamp who pursues the comparatively innocent mr. lemon.
corpus document171
murder at midnight
a murder during a game of charades at a society party leads the police to begin the hunt through the guest-list for a motive and culprit, involving a changed will and booby-trapped telephones. the killer strikes several more times to conceal his or her identity, until all is revealed.
corpus document172
murder by the clock
when a wealthy woman dies, she is buried with a loud horn in her crypt due to her fear of premature burial. before her will can be read, her heirs start to die mysteriously.
corpus document173
my sin
in panama, infamous nightclub hostess carlotta (tallulah bankhead) kills in a struggle a man in self-defence and is put on trial for murder. her defence counsel is dick grady (fredric march), a lawyer who has become an alcoholic. when he proves carlotta's innocence, however, dick regains respect and new employment through roger metcalf (harry davenport (actor)). he also manages to save carlotta from committing suicide. he lends her money, and they both dream up a new identity for her as "ann trevor," and she moves to new york. through various letters and repayment checks, dick learns that "ann trevor" is happy and successful and he soon realizes he is in love with her. in the meantime ann is successfully working in new york as interior decorator, sharing an apartment with her boss, helen grace (lily cahill). one customer, larry gordon (scott kolk), is so enthusiastic about ann's work, that he falls in love with her. when roger metcalf comes to a dinner with larry, his mother and ann, roger recognizes her and calls dick to come along. ann is somehow forced to tell larry the truth about her past. and after that the relationship breaks apart. finally dick moves to new york, buys the cottage larry had bought for her, and calls in the shop to send him ann trevor for remodeling. they confess their love for each other, and they walk together through the entrance of the cottage.
corpus document174
the naughty flirt
attorney alan ward (paul page) is fed up with the reckless behavior of spoiled heiress kay elliott (alice white) – the daughter of the head of his law firm – who is in love with him. stung by his rejection, she eventually tells him to "go jump in the lake." seeing a chance to make up the money they lost in the stock market crash, a fortune-hunting brother and sister, jack and linda gregory (douglas gilmore and myrna loy), get kay to agree to marry jack. at the altar, she announces that she still loves alan, and he comes to his senses and realizes he loves her too.
corpus document175
nice women
a young woman, jerry girard (frances dee) is pushed by her mother (lucille gleason) and family into accepting the marriage proposal of a millionaire, mark chandler (alan mowbray), who is the employer of her father (james durkin). to do so, she has to drop the boy she really loves and promised to marry, billy wells (russell gleason), but her family is seeking to recover from their financial woes and find security. when the millionaire finds out the real situation, he releases her from her vow and gives the young couple a $5000 wedding gift. he then leaves for europe with an old flame, dorothy drew (carmel myers).
corpus document176
night nurse
lora hart applies for a job as a trainee nurse in a hospital, but is rejected by the superintendent of nurses, miss dillon, for not having graduated from high school. fortunately, a chance encounter with the hospital's chief of staff, dr. arthur bell, in an uncooperative revolving door, gets that requirement waived. lora's roommate and fellow nurse, miss maloney, becomes her best friend. lora is assigned to night duty in the emergency room. one night, lora treats bootlegger, mortie, for a gunshot wound and earns his gratitude by letting herself be persuaded not to report it to the police as required by law. he also admires the pretty young nurse. after she passes her training, lora is hired for private duty, looking after two sick children, desney and nanny ritchie. she moves into the ritchie mansion, where there is always a party going on. the children's socialite mother, mrs ritchie, lives in an alcoholic stupor, infatuated with the brutish chauffeur nick. when a drunken guest tries to molest lora, nick knocks him out. when lora refuses his demand that she pump out the stomach of a very drunk mrs. ritchie, he knocks her out and takes her to her room. the ritchie family physician is "society doctor", and apparent drug addict, dr. milton ranger. lora becomes alarmed by dr. ranger's treatment of the children, because she sees that they are being slowly starved to death, but she is unable to get anybody to take her seriously. she quits and takes her suspicions to dr. bell. he is initially reluctant to interfere with another doctor's patients, but eventually advises her to return to her job so she can gather evidence. she persuades dr. ranger to take her back. nanny ritchie becomes so weak, lora fears for her life and tries unsuccessfully to get mrs. ritchie to show any concern. by chance, mortie is delivering liquor to the perpetual party at the mansion. desperate, lora sends mortie for milk for a milk bath for nanny, a folk remedy recommended by the frightened housekeeper, mrs. maxwell. mrs. maxwell gets drunk and confides her suspicions to lora. the girls have a trust fund from their late father. nick ran over and killed their sister with his car, and with dr. ranger's connivance, is deliberately starving the little girls to death. the trust fund will pass to the drunken and infatuated mrs. ritchie, and nick will marry her for the money. after being threatened by mortie, dr. bell shows up and examines nanny. however, when he tries to take nanny to the hospital, nick knocks him out. mortie stops nick from interfering any further, and nanny's life is saved by an emergency blood transfusion provided by lora. the next day, mortie gives lora a lift in his car. to allay her worries, he informs her that he told some of his friends that he didn't like nick. elsewhere, an ambulance brings a corpse dressed in a chauffeur's uniform to the hospital's morgue.
corpus document177
other men's women
in 1929, bill white (grant withers), is a railroad engineer and boozing womanizer who is evicted from his boarding house for excessive drinking and late rental payments. needing a new place to live, he accepts the invitation from his longtime friend and fellow engineer, jack kulper (regis toomey), to move into his home, where he resides happily with his wife lily (mary astor). this new living arrangement brings changes to relationships as the months pass. bill and lily's own friendship, which at first is playful and innocent, evolves into a passionate love between them. hesitant to hurt jack, they try to keep their feelings secret, at least for a while; but jack begins to notice differences in his wife's demeanor and becomes suspicious when he finds that bill has suddenly moved out of their house. jack initially thinks lily and his friend have had a quarrel, but he later confronts bill inside the cab of the coal-fired steam locomotive that the two men operate together at the nearby rail yard. there bill finally admits to jack that lily and he have fallen in love. in the fistfight that ensues, jack falls during the struggle, strikes his head, and is permanently blinded by the injury. during his convalescence at home, lily tries to rededicate herself to her marriage; however, jack resents his dependency on his wife. increasingly frustrated by his situation, he insists that lily leave town for a few weeks to visit her parents, explaining that he needs emotional space and that he also wants her away from the dangers of expected floods due to rainstorms in the area. shortly after lily's departure, jack learns from rail workers that bill plans to drive a train of flatcars stacked with bags of cement onto a vital river bridge, the desperate hope being that the combined weight of the train and its load will bolster the bridge and prevent it from being swept away by the rising floodwaters. stumbling that night through a heavy downpour and literally feeling his way to the rail line, sightless jack manages to locate bill and knock him unconscious before he begins what everyone deems a suicidal mission. jack then takes charge of the engine's controls, but before moving onto the wavering bridge, he pushes bill off the locomotive to safety. once on the bridge, the entire train plummets into the river as the structure collapses, and jack drowns in the raging river. months after the tragedy, bill, still employed as an engineer, goes into the depot's diner for some quick food before returning to his train. nearby, lily arrives on another train and enters the same restaurant carrying her luggage. the two see one another and engage in some awkward small talk before lily remarks that she intends to remain in the community, fix up her house and yard, and plant a new spring garden. then, with a warm smile, she invites bill to drop by to help her with the work. bill runs out of the diner to re-board his moving train. lily stands in the restaurant's doorway watching bill climb to the top of a long line of freight cars and then running forward toward the engine. as he jumps from one car's roof to the next he raises his arms skyward.
corpus document178
the painted desert
two cowboy friends, jeff (j. farrell macdonald) and cash (william farnum), are traveling through the desert in the southwest u.s., when they come upon a baby who has been abandoned in the back of a covered wagon. they can't leave the defenseless child, so decide to take the baby with them, however, they argue over which of them would be better suited to raising the child. when cash ends up prevailing in the debate, this creates a lifelong rift between the two friends. years later the baby has now grown into a young man, bill holbrook (william boyd), who works with his adoptive father on their cattle ranch. cash's erstwhile friend, jeff, has remained in the area where the infant was found and has established his own ranch, centered on the water hole where the entire feud originally began, a feud which is still in full force. jeff lives with his grown daughter, mary ellen (helen twelvetrees). the feud escalates when cash wants to use the water hole on jeff's property to water his cattle. jeff is ready to confront cash in a stand-off, preventing him from watering his cattle on the property jeff has claimed, assisted by an itinerant cowboy, rance brett (clark gable), who has been smitten with mary ellen's beauty. the confrontation is temporarily avoided when cash's herd unexpectedly stampedes. when bill discovers tungsten on jeff's property, he attempts to use it to close the division between his father and jeff, however this only results in his father kicking him out. he turns to jeff, and begins a mining operation, which actually has the opposite effect of bill's original intention, only exacerbating the tension between jeff and cash. bill and jeff's partnership also causes tension with rance, since mary ellen now shows an interest in bill. after a shipment of tungsten which was on its way to pay the loan they had taken out to develop the mine is waylaid, bill works furiously with the miners to replace it with another load. he is successful. however, as he is celebrating the success of the mine, as well as his impending nuptials with mary ellen, the mine is sabotaged by a series of explosions. everyone believes the mine sabotage is the work of cash, but it turns out to have been an act of jealousy on the part of rance, who confesses, leaving the two old friends to reconcile, and their two children to marry.
corpus document179
pardon us
during prohibition, laurel and hardy are sent to prison for concocting and selling their own home brew. they are put in a cell with "tiger" long, the roughest, toughest and meanest of all inmates. stan has a loose tooth that causes him to emit a razzberry at the end of every sentence; the inmate interprets this as a coolly defiant attitude and is impressed—nobody else ever stood up to him like that. he and stan become fast friends. laurel & hardy are assigned to attend prison school with james finlayson being the teacher. the vaudeville routine that follows ends with a spitball meant for somebody else hitting the teacher in the face and the boys wind up in solitary. there is a sustained scene of the bleak cells with the unseen boys conversing through the walls. after a prison break, the boys escape to a cotton plantation, where they hide out undetected, in blackface. the boys sing "lazy moon". when they attempt to repair the warden's car, they are discovered and are sent back to prison. the prison authorities decide to send laurel to the prison dentist to have the offending tooth pulled, but the dentist is incompetent and the procedure goes awry. tricked by a prison guard into calling off a hunger strike by being promised a thanksgiving-style feast, they go to the mess hall, only to be served the usual drab fare. laurel causes a disturbance by protesting the absence of the feast, but is threatened by the guards. soon after, as guns are being passed around under the tables, laurel sets off his gun and causes an uproar. they inadvertently break up the prison riot and the grateful warden issues them a pardon. laurel unintentionally "razzes" the warden and their exit from the prison has to be a very fast one. h.m. walker wrote the opening title card to this film, which states, "mr. hardy is a man of wonderful ideas—so is mr. laurel—as long as he doesn't try to think."[citation needed]
corpus document180
parlor, bedroom and bath
jeffrey haywood (reginald denny) wants to get married to virginia embrey (sally eilers). however, virginia refused to marry unless her older sister, the hard-to-please angelica (dorothy christy) gets married first. angelica, in turn, finds every man she knows too dull and predictable, and for this reason prefers to stay single. jeff then tries to make angelica interested in the mild-mannered and timid reggie irving (played by keaton) passing him off as a notorious playboy to intrigue her. he asks his friend polly to teach reggie "how to treat a woman right", but he turns out to be a disastrous learner.
corpus document181
peach o'reno
aggie bruno (cora witherspoon) has had enough of her husband, joe (joseph cawthorn), and decides to get a divorce in reno. she meets with lawyers wattles and swift (wheeler and woolsey), the latter of the two agreeing to represent aggie in court. swift suggests that aggie be "caught" with another man. meanwhile, joe bruno has also headed to reno, and is being represented in court by wattles. wattles suggests that joe be "caught" with another woman. meanwhile, ace crosby (mitchell harris), an angry arizona gambler, wants to shoot wattles for representing his wife in a previous divorce case. swift suggests that wattles dress as a woman in order to avoid being found by the gambler. that evening, wattles and swift do the same thing that they do every evening: turn their office into a casino. swift arrives at the casino pretending to be aggie bruno's love interest. to add to the confusion, wattles (dressed as a woman) shows up with joe bruno, pretending to be his love interest.
corpus document182
platinum blonde
stewart "stew" smith (robert williams), ace reporter for the post, is assigned to get the story about the latest escapade of playboy michael schuyler (donald dillaway), a breach of promise suit by chorus girl gloria golden, who has been paid to drop it. unlike rival daily tribune reporter bingy baker (walter catlett), he turns down a $50 bribe from dexter grayson (reginald owen), the schuylers' lawyer, to not write anything. he does pretend to be swayed by the pleas of anne (jean harlow), michael's sister, but then brazenly calls his editor with the scoop, appalling the schuylers. stew returns to the house to return a copy of conrad he had taken from the schuylers' library. the butler, smythe (halliwell hobbes), tries to make him leave, but anne sees him. stew surprises anne by presenting her with michael's love letters to gloria, who had intended to use them to extort more money from the schuylers. anne offers stew a $5,000 check, which he refuses. she asks why he reported the suit, but not the love notes. stew explains that one was news, the other, blackmail. he later tells her he is writing a play. intrigued, anne wonders if she can turn him into a gentleman. she invites him to a party at the house. they fall in love and soon elope, horrifying anne's widowed mother, mrs. schuyler (louise closser hale), an imperious dowager who looks down on stew's lower-class background. michael takes it in stride, telling stew he's not as bad as everyone thinks. the wedding is scooped by the rival daily tribune, enraging his editor, conroy (edmund breese). even more upset is stew's best friend gallagher (loretta young), a "sob sister" columnist secretly pining for him. conroy taunts stew as "a bird in a gilded cage." despite his bravado, stew is upset by the implication he is no longer his own man, vowing not to live on anne's money. however, she cajoles him into moving into the mansion and starts to make him over, buying him garters (despite his objections) and hiring a valet, dawson (claud allister). when the schuylers hold a reception for the spanish ambassador, gallagher substitutes for the society reporter and chats with stew. anne is surprised to learn that her husband's best friend (whom she had assumed was a man) is actually a lovely young woman and treats gallagher icily. then, bingy tells stew the tribune will give him a column if he signs it "anne schuyler's husband." insulted, stew punches bingy when he calls him cinderella man. the next morning, mrs. schuyler is aghast to find stew's brawl has made the front page. wrestling with his play, stew invites gallagher and another friend, hank (eddy chandler) from joe's. they arrive with joe and several bar patrons in tow and even bingy shows up to apologize. a raucous party ensues. meanwhile, stew and gallagher ponder the play, deciding to base it on stew's marriage. anne, mrs. schuyler, and grayson return as the party is in full swing. stew apologizes for letting the party get out of control, but protests that he can invite friends to "my house." anne replies, "your house?" stew returns with gallagher to his own apartment. along the way, he gives a homeless man his expensive garters. grayson stops by to say anne will pay him alimony, whereupon stew punches him (earlier, stew had warned grayson that his twentieth insult would earn him a "sock to the nose"). stew tells gallagher the play could end with the protagonist divorcing his rich wife and marrying the woman whom he had always loved without ever realizing it. overwhelmed, gallagher hugs him.
corpus document183
politics
crime runs rampant in lake city and the corrupt mayor is running for another term of office and it looks as though he will win it until the women of the town, disgusted with the situation, back homebody hattie burns to run against him. the women band against the men and a veritable "battle of the sexes" is on. in the end, hattie slides to victory.
corpus document184
possessed
marian martin (joan crawford) is a factory girl living with her mother in the working class section of erie, pennsylvania. factory boy al manning (wallace ford) hopes to marry her, but marian is determined to find a better life. when a train makes a stop in town, marian looks through the windows and sees the wealthy passengers. she then makes the acquaintance of one of the train passengers, wally stuart (richard "skeets" gallagher), a new yorker who gives her champagne and writes down his address, telling her to look him up if she ever makes it to new york. marian, now tipsy from the champagne, happily returns home. giggling, she tells al and her mother that she was drinking down by the railroad tracks. al, who was waiting for her and accuses her of being drunk, spots the piece of paper containing wally's address in marian's hand, grabs it from her, and tears it up. he then tells marian that her actions are inappropriate and that she's staying with him. marian lashes out, telling al and her mother that no one owns her and that her life belongs to herself. she grabs the torn paper shreds up from the floor and pastes them back together, then leaves for new york city. there, she looks up wally who gives her some advice on meeting and keeping wealthy men, which marian uses to begin a relationship with his friend mark whitney (clark gable), a divorced attorney. she eventually becomes mark's mistress and he provides her with a complete make-over, educating her in the arts and culture of his social set. three years pass and the two entertain with brio and style. marian and mark fall in love. to cover the fact of marian being his kept woman, mark devises a made-up back story of her being "mrs. moreland", a wealthy divorcee living comfortably off her alimony. some time later, al, now running a prosperous cement business, comes to the city hoping to land a big contract. he sees marian and asks her to marry him, but she refuses. when al learns that marian is friends with mark, al hopes he can use mark to help land that contract. al has no idea of marian and mark's true relationship. when mark decides to run for gubernatorial office, however, friends caution him that his relationship with marian is a serious liability. when she overhears mark talking with some politicians, she learns that he now plans to marry her, despite the fact that their relationship would cause a scandal. to support his gubernatorial bid, she lies to mark, telling him that she no longer loves him. she tells him that she is going to marry al instead. marian decides to tell al the truth. he rebuffs her, saying that he could never marry such a woman. he changes his mind when he realizes that in shutting her out of his life, he is also burning his bridges with mark and that highway contract. a political rival learns of marian's true identity and plans to leak that information at one of mark's political rallies. at that rally, mark has the crowd generally on his side. no one is aware that marian is in the audience. his political rivals then drop shards of paper from the auditorium ceiling, each piece of paper with the text, "who is mrs. moreland?" written on it. seeing that text on the paper, mark has a worried look on his face, he not knowing what to do. as the crowd rumbles, marian steps up from the audience and tells them that she is mrs. moreland, and that mark has always been an honorable man, who once belonged to her, but now belongs to them. the crowd cheers as she, sobbing, leaves. outside, mark catches up to her and tells her that from now on they will be together no matter what. mark legitimizes their relationship by proposing marriage.
corpus document185
private lives
elyot chase and amanda prynne, divorced after a tempestuous marriage, are dismayed to discover they both have opted to honeymoon with their new spouses at the same hotel on the french riviera. elyot finds his bride sybil's questions about amanda annoying, while amanda wishes her new husband victor would stop referring to elyot every chance he gets. when elyot discovers amanda on the terrace their adjoining suites share, he insists he and sybil immediately depart for paris, the same plan amanda proposes to victor. the two ex-spouses quarrel with their new mates, both of whom set off in search of peace and quiet. left to reminisce, elyot and amanda rekindle their relationship with a kiss and make a pact to put an end to any verbal battles when either one utters the name "solomon isaacs." the two then abandon and flee to st. moritz, but before long they begin a spat that evolves into a major fight about a phonograph record, which amanda breaks over elyot's head, an action that leads to total destruction of their hotel room. rushing out, amanda meets victor and sybil, who have tracked down the prodigal duo, and everyone becomes involved in the dispute. things finally calm down, and the two couples meet for breakfast the next day, but when victor and sybil begin to fight, elyot and amanda walk out and depart the resort by train.
corpus document186
the public enemy
as youngsters in 1900s chicago, tom powers (james cagney) and his lifelong friend matt doyle (edward woods) engage in petty theft, selling their loot to "putty nose" (murray kinnell). putty nose persuades them to join his gang on a fur warehouse robbery, assuring them he will take care of them if anything goes wrong. when tom is startled by a stuffed bear, he shoots it, alerting the police, who kill gang member larry dalton. chased by a cop, tom and matt have to gun him down. however, when they go to putty nose for help, they find he has left town. tom's straightlaced older brother mike (donald cook) tries, but fails, to talk tom into giving up crime. tom keeps his activities secret from his doting mother (beryl mercer). when america enters world war i in 1917, mike enlists in the marines. in 1920, with prohibition about to go into effect, paddy ryan (robert emmett o'connor) recruits tom and matt as beer "salesmen" (enforcers) in his bootlegging business. he allies himself with noted gangster samuel "nails" nathan (leslie fenton). as the bootlegging business becomes ever more lucrative, tom and matt flaunt their wealth. mike finds out that his brother's money comes not from politics, as tom claims, but from bootlegging, and declares that tom's success is based on nothing more than "beer and blood" (the title of the book upon which the film is based). tom retorts in disgust: "your hands ain't so clean. you killed and liked it. you didn't get them medals for holding hands with them germans." tom and matt acquire girlfriends, kitty (an uncredited mae clarke) and mamie (joan blondell) respectively. tom eventually tires of kitty; in a famous scene, when she complains once too often, he angrily pushes half a grapefruit into her face. he then drops her for gwen allen (jean harlow), a woman with a self-confessed weakness for bad men. at a restaurant on the night of matt's wedding reception to mamie, tom and matt recognize putty nose and follow him home. begging for his life, putty plays a song on the piano that he had entertained tom and matt with when they were kids. tom shoots him in the back. tom gives his mother a large wad of money, but mike rejects the gift. tom tears up the banknotes and throws them in his brother's face. "nails" nathan dies in a horse riding accident, prompting tom to find the horse and shoot it. a rival gang headed by "schemer" burns takes advantage of the disarray resulting from nathan's death, precipitating a gang war. later, matt is gunned down in public, with tom narrowly escaping the same fate. furious, tom takes it upon himself to single-handedly settle scores with burns and some of his men. tom is seriously wounded in the shootout, and ends up in the hospital. when his mother, brother, and matt's sister molly come to see him, he reconciles with mike and agrees to reform. however, paddy warns mike that tom has been kidnapped by the burns mob from the hospital. later, his dead body is returned to the powers home.
corpus document187
quick millions
the film involves a truck driver (spencer tracy) and the wealthy woman (marguerite churchill) whom he covets, and also features sally eilers, george raft and leon ames in supporting roles.[1][2]
corpus document188
reducing
the snobbish madame pauline "polly" rochay operates an exclusive beauty parlor in new york city that specializes in weight reduction. when she learns that her sister, marie truffle, is destitute, polly decides to take her, her husband elmer and their three children, vivian, jerry and marty, from south bend, indiana, into her home. joyce, polly's socialite daughter, objects to her mother's decision, insisting that the truffles are too unrefined to live among the rochays. when the truffles finally arrive in the big city, polly puts her sister to work at her salon while elmer looks for work as a mail carrier. joyce resents the intrusion of the ill-mannered truffles, and polly concurs with her when the meddlesome marie damages the beauty parlor and her children scratch her car. one evening, while joyce is out on a date with her playboy sweetheart, johnnie beasley, marie and polly compare their daughters' boyfriends. polly boasts that johnnie is the better because he is a sophisticated millionaire, while marie informs polly that tommy haverly, vivian's boyfriend, is from one of the oldest families in south bend. polly then insults marie when she tells her that vivian will never meet the same caliber of men that joyce meets. when johnnie brings joyce home, he meets vivian and takes an immediate liking to her, which makes joyce jealous. the next day, after spurning tommy, vivian goes on a lunch date with johnnie. joyce later accuses vivian of trying to steal her boyfriend. at the salon, marie makes a nuisance of herself when, after a series of errors, she accidentally locks polly in the steam room. later, polly and marie become embroiled in their daughters' quarrel over johnnie, and marie strikes joyce when joyce insults vivian. three months pass, and the truffles, now settled into their own home, await the arrival of johnnie, who has been dating vivian and will be escorting her to a party. while vivian and johnnie are out on their date, the heartbroken joyce visits marie and begs her to intervene in her daughter's affair with the man she loves. moved by her show of emotion, marie agrees to help joyce by going to johnnie's and speaking to him on her behalf. at johnnie's, marie accuses the young playboy of unfairly turning vivian's head with fancy cars, yachts and other luxuries and then giving her the gate. marie then insists that johnnie marry joyce, which he agrees to do. marie tells her daughter that johnnie was not worthy of her love because he was only seeing her to make joyce jealous. after joyce and johnnie's wedding, polly, unaware that marie was responsible for their reunion, calls to gloat about the news and remind marie that vivian should have "stayed in her own class." however, when joyce explains marie's involvement, polly thanks her sister for her help, and the two forgive each other.
corpus document189
the road to reno
twice divorced jackie millet tries one more time with number three. unfortunately, her wedding is suddenly halted when the woman's son kills the groom during the ceremony, and then shoots himself.
corpus document190
the road to singapore
on an ocean liner from colombo to singapore, black sheep hugh dawltry tries, but fails to become better acquainted with fellow passenger philippa crosby. he is pleasantly surprised to find that they are both getting off at khota. ashore, she rebuffs his advances again, informing him that she has come to marry dr. george march, dawltry's neighbor. philippa is sorely disappointed by her marriage, however. george is utterly wrapped up in his work, and does not even take her on a honeymoon. as time goes by, the neglected, unhappy woman begins to find dawltry more and more attractive. so does george's 18-year-old sister rene. most of the expatriate community shuns him for his involvement in a scandalous, widely publicized divorce. one day, george plans to take a patient with a very rare disease to colombo. dawltry takes the opportunity to invite philippa to dinner. before that time, rene invites herself into his bungalow. when she refuses to leave, dawltry frightens her into fleeing by sweeping her up in his arms and carrying her into his bedroom. philippa shows up at the appointed time. unfortunately, the patient dies and george cancels his trip. returning home, he finds dawltry's invitation, takes his pistol and goes to retrieve his wife. she tells him she is leaving him and drives off in their car. dawltry sets out after her. as he leaves, he tells george it is his last chance, but george is unable to pull the trigger.
corpus document191
the royal bed
princess anne (mary astor) plans to run away with freddie granton (anthony bushell), the commoner secretary of her father, king eric viii (lowell sherman), once her domineering mother, queen martha (nance o'neil), has left for a vacation in america. anne is therefore aghast when the marquis of birten (alan roscoe) brings news that he has negotiated her political marriage to prince william of grec (hugh trevor), a man she has never even met. dismissing anne's vehement protests, the queen is delighted, a feeling not shared by anne's loving but ineffectual father. meanwhile, the premier and general northrup (robert warwick) warn that a revolution is brewing. he wishes to execute large numbers of political prisoners, but cannot without the king's signature. the queen wholeheartedly approves of these stern measures. the king promises to attend to it, but after northrup and the queen leave, he orders his secretary to misplace the death warrants. led by laker (carrol naish), the rebels rise up after northrup gets parliament to grant him dictatorial powers. anne seizes the opportunity to try to flee with granton, with her father's approval. however, when she believes that the king is in real danger, she refuses to leave him. doctor fellman (frederick burt), a moderate rebel leader, comes to see the king to demand his abdication, but agrees to stop the fighting in favor of negotiation. then northrup insists he is in charge now and laughs in derision when the king claims the people are stronger than northrup's army and navy. next to arrive is prince william. despite his admission that he dislikes anne, he is prepared to do his duty and go through with the wedding. then fellman and laker show up. the king surprises northrup by dismissing him from his service and putting fellman in charge, ordering him to set up general elections as soon as possible. the queen, newly returned from america with a much-needed loan, tells her husband in private that she knew the whole revolution was a bluff to force northrup from power. the king has one last deception planned (of which she is unaware). after she leaves for the wedding, he has granton brought to him. he speedily marries anne and granton and sends them on their way to "exile" in france.
corpus document192
the runaround
millionaire playboy fred white is attempting to make chorus girl evelyn his latest conquest. evelyn, on to fred's scheming, has some scheming of her own, attempting to maneuver fred into marriage. in a last ditch effort to get evelyn into bed, fred purchases a diamond bracelet, to which he has attached a key to the apartment he has leased as their potential love nest. when he shows the bracelet to his friend, howard, the friend warns fred that evelyn is simply a gold-digger, only interested in getting him to marry her so that she can gain access to his money. the two make a bet. if fred wins by getting her to be his kept woman, howard has to pay for the bracelet and the cost of the apartment, and if howard wins, by rejecting fred's non-marital advances, fred will owe howard the same amount of money. when his plan to establish the love nest does not work out, fred is dismayed, but evelyn opens the door by inviting him to dinner the following night. she uses the dinner as a pretense to set to entrap fred into marriage. part of her plan involves her friend, lou, to pose as her father. not understanding that he is being entrapped, fred realizes that he is really in love with evelyn, and actually makes a real proposal of marriage. the night of his bachelor party, howard is still distrustful of evelyn's motives and gets lou drunk, after which he reveals evelyn's plot to entrap fred. fred is devastated, and agrees to a plan to embarrass evelyn at the altar on the day of their wedding. meanwhile, evelyn realizes that she is no longer after fred simply for his money, that she has actually fallen in love with him. she cannot bring herself to confess her underhanded scheming to fred, and simply does not show up on the day of their wedding. fred rushes from the church to her house, where he finds a letter she had written to him in which she confesses everything. he convinces her to come back to the church and go through with the wedding. they return to the church, where everything is explained to the guests, and the two of them are married.
corpus document193
safe in hell
gilda karlson (dorothy mackaill) is a new orleans prostitute. she is accused of murdering piet van saal (ralf harolde), the man responsible for ending her former job as a secretary and leading her into prostitution. her old boyfriend, sailor carl erickson (donald cook), smuggles her to safety to tortuga, an island in the caribbean from which she cannot be extradited. on the island, gilda and carl get "married" without a clergyman to officiate, and she swears to be faithful to him. after carl leaves on his ship, gilda finds herself to be the only white woman in a hotel full of international criminals, all of whom try to seduce her. especially persistent is mr. bruno (morgan wallace), who describes himself as "the jailer and executioner of this island". he arranges to intercept letters carl sends to her and steals the support money he includes. bruno's intention is to make gilda think carl has abandoned her, hoping she will seek his assistance once she becomes desperate for cash. van saal arrives on the island, having ditched his wife and now on the lam with the life insurance money he collected after his "death". pretending to be concerned for gilda's safety, bruno gives her a pistol to protect herself. later, when van saal attempts to rape her in her room, gilda shoots and kills him. she is then put on trial for murder and is about to be acquitted by a sympathetic jury. while awaiting the official verdict, bruno tells her that even if she is found innocent, he will arrest her for possessing the "deadly weapon" he had given to her. the sentence will be at least six months in his prison camp, where he will provide her with very comfortable living conditions, although she will be expected to give him sexual favors in return. to foil bruno's trap, gilda rushes back to the judge and gives a false confession of killing van saal "in cold blood", preferring to be executed rather than break her vow to carl. the film ends with gilda, followed by two policemen and bruno, slowing walking to the gallows.[1][2][3]
corpus document194
salvation nell
young nell (chandler) loses her job and home and her father is sent to prison. she joins the salvation army and tries to redeem him when he comes out of prison, bent on continuing his life of crime.
corpus document195
scandal sheet
newspaper editor mark flint cares about only two things, reporting a big story, no matter whose life it adversely affects, and edith, his wife. he is unaware that edith, bored by him, has been having a romantic affair with noel adams, a banker. adams gives a 24-hour deadline to edith to leave her husband or end the affair. he books passage on a steamship and packs his bags. but after a crisis develops that could ruin his bank, flint finds out, confronts adams and, seeing his luggage, mistakenly believes adams is fleeing the country. he prints the story without giving adams a chance to manage the crisis at the bank. although his journalistic coups please franklin, the newspaper's owner, flint is asked by franklin if he would be willing to publish a photograph that would hurt a colleague. flint says yes, whereupon franklin shows him a picture of his wife and adams together. an enraged flint murders adams, turns himself in and is sentenced to sing sing, where he ends up running the prison's newspaper.
corpus document196
the sea ghost
navy lieutenant greg winters (alan hale) is found guilty by a court-martial for pausing briefly to prepare to rescue survivors of the alatania, a torpedoed ship, rather than attacking immediately the submarine responsible. as a result, he is sidelined for the rest of world war i. in 1925 new orleans, lawyer henry sykes (clarence wilson) hires now civilian captain winters for a salvage job on behalf of evelyn inchcape (laura la plante). sykes insists on using his own deep sea diver to retrieve something from none other than the alatania. after a box is brought up, winters confronts the diver, who turns out to be karl ludwig, the commander of the submarine for whom winters has been searching. he puts ludwig in the brig, though he soon escapes. then winters goes to see sykes and inchcape. inchcape's wealthy uncle and cousin lost their lives aboard the alatania. winters reports he has recovered two wills, one leaving a million dollar estate to inchcape, the other to the cousin, whom sykes implies is still alive. now, after seven years, the uncle can be declared legally dead. winters is willing to split the money with either party. despite his professed indifference to inchcape's beauty and her loathing of men in general, when they are alone, he gives her the first option. she despises him, but he tears the will in her favor in two and gives her half. later, he sees sykes at his office and, while pretending to bargain, learns that the cousin is actually dead; sykes intended to produce an imposter. sykes bribes winters' first mate and some men to betray him. when winters goes to settle accounts with ludwig, he is ambushed and knocked out (though ludwig has no part in it). sykes kidnaps inchcape and sets sail on winters' ship. in a cabin, sykes attempts to force himself on inchcape, but she is rescued by ludwig. they have a talk. meanwhile, winters, accompanied by his friend, ineffectual upper class lawyer percy atwater (claud allister), boards the ship and subdues the crew. then he gets his long-awaited bout with ludwig. just as winters is about to choke the life out of his hated foe, inchcape shows him a letter in which ludwig's sweetheart informs him that she will be sailing on the alatania. ludwig received it after the sinking. winters acknowledges that ludwig has suffered enough and lets him go. afterward, winters forces sykes to marry him and inchcape, before having the lawyer tossed overboard.
corpus document197
secret service
two union officers, captain lewis dumont and his younger brother, lieutenant henry dumont, receive orders from general ulysses s. grant grant to go behind enemy lines and become undercover agents to feed false information to the confederate states army. lewis is tasked with becoming part of a confederate telegraph office in richmond, virginia, under the guise of a deceased confederate officer, thorne. meanwhile, henry is ordered to allow himself to be captured by the enemy, during which he is supposed to pass incorrect information about union positions. thorne comes upon the tail-end of a skirmish between union and confederate soldiers, during which he is wounded. after the battle, he carries one of the wounded southerners, howard varney, back to his family's plantation. this endears thorne to the family of the wounded rebel, particularly varney's father, who is a confederate general. while recuperating from his own wounds, thorne develops a romantic relationship with howard's sister, edith. however, this creates enmity with one of the locals who was interested in edith prior to thorne's arrival, arlesford. when thorne enlists one of the varney's slaves to take a message to his brother in the prisoner of war camp, arlesford, already suspicious of thorne, sets a trap. when the trap is sprung, the slave is executed by hanging. as the two dumont brothers develop their plan for giving false information, and allowing union troops to break through the confederate lines, the younger brother is brought from the prison camp to the varney plantation. rather than allow their plan to be uncovered, henry shoots himself. the elder dumont, torn between duty and his love for edith, is eventually uncovered as a spy. however, it is also discovered that he never sent the false information. as he is led away to prison, edith vows to wait for him.
corpus document198
the secret six
bootlegger johnny franks recruits a crude working man called louis "louie" scorpio as part of the gang of mob boss richard "newt" newton. scorpio eventually becomes head of the organization himself. then he is prosecuted by a secret group of six masked crime fighters, aided by newspaper reporters carl luckner and hank rogers.
corpus document199
seed
bart carter has sacrificed a writing career so he can support his wife peggy and their five children by working as a clerk in a new york city publishing house. when his former girlfriend mildred bronson, a literary agent who has been working in the paris office, returns to the states, she arranges for bart to draw his regular salary while working on a novel. because his home life is so chaotic, bart writes at mildred's apartment during the day and frequently stays for dinner, and the two soon discover their old feelings for each other have been revived. bart's novel is published, and when seed becomes a critical and commercial success, he abandons his family and moves to france with mildred. peggy opens a dress shop and lives with the children in an apartment above the store. a decade later, the now-married bart and mildred return to new york. his grown children are delighted to see their father, who wishes to make amends for having left them. he suggests enrolling his daughter margaret in finishing school, sending the twin boys to harvard university, finding employment for his oldest son, and having the youngest boy live with him and mildred. at her children's urging peggy reluctantly agrees, although she feels she is losing them. mildred assures her they will return to her one day, whereas she believes their renewed relationship with their father will place her own future with bart in jeopardy.
corpus document200
side show
pat (winnie lightner) does everything she can to keep the struggling colonel gowdy big city shows traveling circus afloat, despite an alcoholic though well-meaning colonel gowdy (guy kibbee) and disgruntled unpaid workers. she sings and dances, and even does a high dive into a shallow pool of water when the "great santini" quits just before a performance. one of her few comforts is her love for barker joe palmer (donald cook). he, however, seems less enthused about the relationship and regularly takes money from her. to add to her troubles, her younger sister irene (evalyn knapp), whom she is having educated to become a lady, visits her during school vacation and wants to stay with the circus. irene and tom fall in love. when pat finds out, she sends irene back to school, fires tom, and tells gowdy she is quitting the circus. fortunately, tom and irene come to their senses, and tom asks pat to marry him.
corpus document201
sidewalks of new york
harmon (keaton) is a wealthy landlord. when he goes to visit one of his tenements, he gets caught in the middle of a brawl between groups of kids, one of whom, clipper kelly (phillips) starts to attack harmon. when harmon defends himself, he is seen by clipper's sister, margie (page). harmon falls in love at first sight and begins to woo her following his trial for attacking clipper. in order to demonstrate that he is okay, harmon opens a gymnasium for the street boys, but clipper, who has fallen in with a small-time gangster, butch (rowan), wants nothing to do with harmon and turns the other boys against him. harmon tries to win them over by staging a wrestling match with his friend poggle (edwards) and a rigged boxing match with mulvaney (saylor). in the meantime, butch has gotten clipper involved in a series of robberies with clipper dressed as a woman. when butch and clipper believe harmon has learned of their activities, butch orders clipper to kill harmon during a stage play that is being performed at the gymnasium, but clipper gets cold feet. butch grabs harmon, who is dressed in clipper's drag costume, and heads up to harmon's mansion to rob it. butch's gang joins them and clipper and the other boys come to harmon's rescue.
corpus document202
the sin of madelon claudet
when neglected wife alice (karen morley) decides to leave her doctor husband lawrence (robert young), his friend dr. dulac (jean hersholt) stops her and tells her the life story of another woman, madelon claudet (helen hayes), who was persuaded by her american boyfriend, artist larry maynard (neil hamilton), to run away with him. eventually, he has to return to the u.s. because his father is sick. once there however, he betrays her and marries a woman approved of by his parents. unbeknownst to him, madelon gives birth to a son. when her lover does not come back, her father (russ powell) gets her to agree to marry hubert (alan hale), a farmer. however, when she refuses to give up her illegitimate son, hubert and her father abandon her. she becomes the mistress of an older acquaintance, count carlo boretti (lewis stone), while her friends rosalie (marie prevost) and victor lebeau (cliff edwards) care for the boy. after a while, carlo proposes marriage and madelon accepts. however, when they go out to celebrate, he is arrested as a jewel thief. he manages to commit suicide, but madelon is sentenced to ten years in prison as his accomplice, even though she is innocent. when she finally is released in 1919, she goes to see her teenage son lawrence, now living at a state boarding school. a conversation with the school's doctor proves crucial. dr. dulac reveals that because his father was a criminal, he cannot get better work elsewhere. determined not to become a similar burden to her own child, she tells her son that she is an old friend of his mother, and that his mother is dead. madelon is determined to finance lawrence's medical education, but with the end of world war i, millions of frenchmen are released from the army and jobs are scarce. when a man mistakes her for a prostitute, she takes up the profession. as she ages and loses her looks, she is forced to steal as well, but finally, her goal is realized, and lawrence receives his degree. aged and destitute, she decides to give up her freedom and commit herself to state charity, but visits her son one last time, pretending to be a patient. when she leaves, she encounters dr. dulac, who recognizes her and persuades his friend dr. claudet, still unaware of her true identity, to provide for her. after hearing of the woman's self-sacrifice, alice claudet suggests to lawrence he invite madelon to live with them.
corpus document203
the sin ship
smiley marsden (ian keith) is a bank-robber on the run from the police, with his moll, frisco kitty (mary astor). cornered, they arrive at the san francisco docks, where they convince the captain of a small cargo ship, sam mcveigh (louis wolheim), to take them aboard on his run to mexico, mostly because he is enchanted with kitty. marsden is posing as a minister. as the ship sets sail, every sailor aboard lusts after kitty, none more so than the captain. one night, when inebriated, he corners kitty in his cabin and begins to force himself on her. she stops him by basically telling him that he is better than that, which makes him do some deep soul-searching. during the rest of the voyage, kitty manages to fend off the rest of the crew, with the help of the disarmed captain. by the time they dock in mexico, mcveigh has fallen in love with kitty, who he still believes to be the wife of "minister" marsden. aware that the authorities might become suspicious of him if mcveigh's ship departs immediately, marsden delays their departure, first through the use of kitty's flirtation with mcveigh, and later through outright sabotage. after the crew accuses mcveigh of the sabotage, marsden's true identity is revealed, and he is shot trying to flee from the mexican police. kitty understands that mcveigh is truly in love with her, and the two end up together after the police release her.
corpus document204
sit tight
winnie is the head of a health clinic and has jojo (played by joe e. brown) as one of her employees. jojo is a wrestler forced to enter the ring and face down a musclebound masked opponent olaf (played by frank hagney). making matters worse, the masked marauder is convinced his wife has been fooling around with jojo. jojo is knocked out early in the proceedings, whereupon he dreams he is a sultan surrounded by harem girls. a romantic subplot involves tom (played by paul gregory) and sally (played by claudia dell). tom works for sally's father. sally asks her father to give tom a promotion so she can spend more time with him. when tom refuses to be promoted without earning the position, she threatens to have him fired and he quits his job. tom attempts to begin a new career as a championship wrestler and is trained by winnie and jojo. when sally learns about this, she attempts to stop him and asks for his forgiveness. she pleads with him to not fight but he has already pledged to do so. in one sequence, joe e. brown refuses to strip (for wrestling) when asked to by another man and makes comments about "not knowing him well enough", implying that the man is asking that because he is gay and wants to sleep with him.
corpus document205
skippy
skippy (jackie cooper) is the feisty son of the strict dr. herbert skinner (willard robertson) and his wife ellen (enid bennett). skinner forbids his son skippy to play in the pauperized shantytown, because of the unhygenical and criminal surroundings there. but skippy and his friend sidney (jackie searl) still go to shantytown where sidney meets a new boy named sooky (robert coogan, jackie coogan's little brother). he saves the small boy sooky from the much bigger bully harley nubbins (donald haines). skippy and sooky become friends. one day harley accidentally breaks the windshield of his father's car with skippy's yo-yo. harley, who has a very aggressive and brute father, blames it on skippy and sooky. mr. nubbins (jack rube clifford), who works as a dog catcher, takes sooky's dog and demands that they pay him for the damages if they want their dog back. the boys gather three dollars by breaking skippy's savings bank, but mr. nubbins accepts it only for his windshield. he gives them three days to get another three dollars for a dog license and he threatens that he'll kill their dog if they don't get the money. sooky and skippy spend the next two days selling bottles, lemonade and wood, and staging a performance to earn money. skippy's father doesn't want to lend them the remaining thirty cents. then mr. dubbins kills their dog and skippy blames his father for it. the next morning, skippy gets a new bicycle from his father. but he trades the bicycle to his friend, eloise (mitzi green), for her new dog. skippy takes the dog to sooky. dr. skinner has a change of heart and buys sooky a licensed dog, finds his mother a job, and refrains from ordering shantytown destroyed, instead offering assistance to its citizens. for the first time, dr. skinner plays with skippy in shantytown. there they accidentally break mr. nubbins' new windshield. dr. skinner wins a fight against mr. nubbins and shows that he is a good father.
corpus document206
sky raiders
hughes plays bob, a daredevil aviator in love with grace (day). bob's reckless behavior and addiction to alcohol causes the death of grace's brother, and bob subsequently loses his job and grace's love. bob puts his life back together and catches a gang of hijackers who were robbing gold shipments from mid-air flights.[2][3]
corpus document207
smart money
nick venizelos (robinson), a prosperous small-town barber, provides his customers with gambling in his back room. he is so lucky that one suggests he go to the big city to take on famous gambler named hickory short. not lacking in self-confidence, nick puts up half of the $10,000 stake himself, while the others raise the rest. he leaves the shop under the supervision of his assistant, jack (cagney), and takes the train into the city. he learns from marie, the pretty blonde working at the hotel cigar stand, where hickory is holding his illegal, high-stakes poker game. nick sits down at the game, but loses all his money. later, however, he sees a newspaper article reporting that the real hickory short has just been released from prison far away in florida. the man he thought was hickory is actually conman sleepy sam (ralf harolde), and marie is his girlfriend and accomplice. when nick foolishly tries to get his money back, sleepy sam and the other fake poker players beat him up. after he gets out of the hospital, he vows to get revenge. nick goes back to barbering and raises another stake. six months later, he tracks down sleepy sam and his gang in another city. he proposes a one-on-one game, each man putting up $50,000 and playing until one man has all the money. sam accepts. nick insists on sending out for fresh decks of cards, just to be safe. when nick wins and tries to leave, the con artists reach for their guns, but jack and another man burst in with their guns already drawn. nick then gloats, pointing out that he simply cheated better than sam by using shaved cards. nick becomes very successful. he finally gets to play the real hickory short; a walter winchell column reports the rumor that nick beat hickory to the tune of $300,000. nick becomes the king of illegal gambling in the city, with jack as his right-hand man. however, he still has a weakness for women, particularly blondes. as they are driving by, they are stopped and asked to take a young woman (evalyn knapp) who has been fished half drowned out of the river to the hospital. irene revives during the ride, but nick insists she stay at his mansion until she is fully recovered, over the very suspicious jack's protests. eventually, she is so touched by nick's kindness, she confesses she is fleeing from a charge of blackmail, but he is unconcerned. nick is so brazen that public outrage puts pressure on district attorney black (an uncredited morgan wallace), who is up for re-election soon. he has irene picked up. black threatens to prosecute her unless she cooperates in incriminating nick, but she refuses at first. finally, he gets her to agree to put a racing form in nick's coat, which will be enough to put nick in jail for a month. jack finds out, but when he tries to warn his friend, nick becomes furious and knocks him to the floor. the police raid the illegal casino, and black arrests nick. then they discover that jack is dead. aghast, irene begs nick for forgiveness, which he generously gives. he is sentenced to ten years. as he is boarding the train to go to prison, he offers to bet that he will be out in five.
corpus document208
smart woman
mrs. nancy gibson (mary astor) sets out to regain the affections of her cheating husband donald gibson (robert ames (actor)), after she returns from a trip to paris (france), where she had to look after her sick mother. to welcome her in her beautiful house are her servants and husband and wife billy (edward everett horton) and sally ross (ruth weston)- don's business partner and don's sister - that don is with his mistress, peggy preston (noel francis), who very often is accompanied by her mother mrs. preston (gladys gale). nancy has the affection of the ross' and her servants. but she is at first very shocked. then she decides to play the modern wife and invites peggy preston and her mother for the weekend in her house as her guests. pretending she herself has fallen for a man she met in europe (in fact she met him on the ship on the way home), sir guy harrington (john halliday), she invites him too, for distributing well the forces, to gain back her husband, whom she still loves.
corpus document209
the smiling lieutenant
in vienna, lieutenant nikolaus "niki" von preyn (maurice chevalier) meets franzi (claudette colbert), the leader of an all-female-orchestra. they soon fall in love with each other. while standing in formation before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of flausenthurm, niki takes the opportunity to wink at franzi in the crowd. unfortunately the gesture is intercepted by anna, the princess of flausenthurm (miriam hopkins). the naive princess assumes offense, leading the lieutenant to convince her that he slighted her because she is thought to be very beautiful. besotted, the princess demands she has to marry the lieutenant, or, she'll marry an american instead. the international incident is narrowly averted by having them get married. the lieutenant sneaks away from his bride to wander the streets of flausenthurm to find his girlfriend. the princess learns of this and decides to confront franzi. after the initial confrontation, franzi sees that the princess is in fact deeply in love with the lieutenant, and decides to save the marriage by giving the princess a makeover, singing "jazz up your lingerie!" the results are a complete success as the lieutenant follows his satin-clad, cigarette-puffing bride into the bedroom and closes the door – only to open it and give the audience a last song and a suggestive wink.
corpus document210
son of india
karim is the son of rajah and jewel merchant hamid, traveling with him through india. on the twentieth day of their journey, after karim hears his father speak about the importance of gratitude, they are attacked by bandits. the group of travelers is massacred, but rao rama, a holy man, hides karim in a shallow grave. he survives the tragedy, and is left with his father's most valuable diamond. karim next journeys to bombay, where he attempts to sell the diamond in a jewelry store. feeling that they aren't offering him enough money, he leaves. the corrupt store owners claim that karim is a thief. he is arrested, and unable to prove he is the true owner of his father's diamond, faces a long prison sentence. william darsey, an american witness, saves him by revealing the truth and karim is released. some time later, karim becomes one of the wealthiest men of bombay, attending many high society social functions. at a polo match, he meets janice darsey, an attractive young american woman accompanied by her aunt and dr. wallace. feeling attracted to each other, they are soon in love. this is much to mrs. darsey's dislike, who doesn't approve of her niece dating an indian man. she attempts to sabotage their relationship by announcing that the darseys will leave for kolkota. janice, however, does not want to leave karim and runs away from her aunt to secretly accompany karim on a tiger hunt. when her aunt finds out, she is infuriated and immediately calls for william, who happens to be janice's brother. during the hunt, karim notices his father's killer. when confronted, the murderer shoots at karim. janice starts to hide and stumbles upon a poisonous plant. karim brings her to safety and removes the poison, after which they become engaged. back at home, william and mrs. darsey try to stop the marriage by telling them lies, but karim and janice come to the conclusion that their love for each other is stronger.
corpus document211
sporting blood
gambler rid riddell (clark gable) works for tip scanlon (lew cody), a crooked gambler, who buys tommy-boy, a racehorse from a wealthy man (hallam cooley) whose spoiled wife (marie prevost) loses interest. tip and rid consistently win with the horse in both honestly and dishonestly run races. but before long, tommy boy loses a race he wasn't supposed to, and the mob is after tip. tip is murdered but not before giving tommy boy to his girlfriend (madge evans) who sets out to rehabilitate herself and the horse. the horse rebounds. after an attempt at sabotage, the horse wins the kentucky derby, and rid wins the girl.
corpus document212
the squaw man
a british army officer captain james wingate (warner baxter) is left disgraced when he takes the blame for his cousin henry's (paul cavanagh) misappropriation of the regiment's charitable fund. he heads to the wild west of the united states, taking over a ranch in montana where he marries a beautiful indian squaw naturich (lupe velez) and has a son hal (dickie moore). years later, henry is killed in a horse riding accident. sir john applegate kerhill receives a telegram informing him of james's whereabouts. he arrives with lady diana (eleanor boardman), with whom james has been secretly in love. however, he remains true to naturich and introduces her as his wife to the surprised guests. later, sir john convinces james to let him take hal back with him to england where the boy will be educated in the finest schools. upon having her son taken against her wishes, a grieving naturich goes into the boy's room where she shoots herself while holding a toy wooden horse she made for him on his birthday. she soon dies in james's arms.
corpus document213
the star witness
the leeds family consists of two adult children, their two young brothers, their parents, and grandpa summerill, a feisty retired soldier visiting from the old soldiers' home. hearing a commotion outside, most of them go to the windows and witness gangster "maxey" campo murdering two men. campo enters the house, assaults grandpa for confronting him, threatens the family with harm if they talk, and flees by the back exit. district attorney whitlock wants to make an example of campo. the leedses are naive about the danger to themselves and happy to cooperate, and campo is arrested on the basis of their information. whitlock's assistant plans to put the witnesses in protective custody in jail once campo is indicted, but the gang acts faster. pa leeds is kidnapped and, after he rejects a bribe for the family to recant their identification of campo, is badly beaten and dumped beside a road. pa is well enough to stay at home, and whitlock confines the whole family to their house for their protection. but they now disagree about whether to go through with their testimony. on the day of campo's indictment hearing, the youngest boy, donny, does not want to miss playing in a baseball game. he slips out of the house, but never gets to the game. the family receives a phone call from the gang, threatening donny's life if they identify campo at the hearing. grandpa still considers it his patriotic duty as an american to tell the truth, but now he is the only one. only the exchange where the phone call originated is known. the police conduct a massive house-to-house search for donny in that area — while grandpa slips away and begins his own search. meanwhile, whitlock has to present the witnesses against campo. even when threatened with perjury charges, one by one the family members lie and say they aren't sure or don't remember. and grandpa, the star witness whitlock could count on, is nowhere to be found. killing time in the apartment where he is being held, donny starts showing one of his captors a baseball pitch, when he hears grandpa's fife outside. he throws the baseball through the window and calls out. grandpa eventually convinces the police of what is happening, and after a gun battle, donny is rescued. whitlock is informed and the judge, who was about to dismiss the indictment, delays the hearing until grandpa arrives. delighting in his moment, grandpa boldly identifies campo, makes a short speech about americans' patriotic duty to stand up to "any dang dirty foreigner" criminals, trips campo off his feet in retaliation for the earlier assault, and then declares he is ready to begin his testimony. a newspaper headline tells us that campo has been executed. grandpa returns to the old soldiers' home.
corpus document214
stolen heaven
mary, a girl of the streets, and joe, a young thief, rob twenty thousand dollars and decide to spend all the money and then commit suicide. but joe's conscience speaks louder and he confesses the crime. he goes to prison knowing that mary will wait for him.
corpus document215
strangers may kiss
lisbeth is a modern woman who thinks that marriage is old fashioned. she has two men in her life; steve, who wants to marry her and alan, who wants her to travel with him. despite all the warnings by her friends and family, lisbeth goes to mexico with alan where she is happy until she finds out that he has a wife in paris and that he is leaving for his next job without her. devastated, she spends a few years in europe being the life of the party. while her reputation is well known, her life of gaiety has not made her happy.
corpus document216
street scene
on a hot summer afternoon in new york, emma jones gossips with other neighbors in her residential building about the affair that mrs. anna maurrant and the milkman steve sankey are having. when the rude and unfriendly mr. frank maurrant arrives, they change the subject. meanwhile, their teenage daughter rose maurrant is being sexually pressured by her married boss mr. bert easter. she does however very much like her kind young jewish neighbor sam, who has a serious crush on her. the next morning, frank maurrant tells his wife that he is traveling to stamford on business. mrs. maurrant meets the gentle sankey in her apartment, but out of the blue frank comes back home. he realizes his wife is upstairs with sankey, and runs upstairs. we hear shots and see the two men struggling as sankey tries to escape through the window. maurrant runs out with a gun. he has killed sankey and fatally wounded his wife. maurrant is apprehended and is led away by police. he apologizes to his daughter rose, who will now have to take care of herself and her young brother without either parent. rose's boss offers once again to set her up in her own apartment, but she refuses. then she sees sam, and tells him she wants to leave the city. sam pleads with her to let him go with her, but she tells him it will be better for the two of them to have a couple of years apart before they consider becoming a couple. rose walks off down the street by herself.
corpus document217
strictly dishonorable
snubbish, quick-tempered henry greene (george meeker) and his fiancee isabelle perry (sidney fox) stop into a new york speakeasy owned by tomasso antiovi (william ricciardi) for a drink. there, they meet retired judge dempsey (lewis stone), an amiable man who befriends the southern belle, much to henry's dismay. famous opera singer "tino caraffa", a charming but notorious playboy whose real name is "gus" di ruvo, (paul lukas) is there as well, and while henry is gone to move his illegally parked car, gus and isabelle, an opera fan, get acquainted. when henry returns he's incensed to learn that the two of them have been dancing together. he wants isabelle to leave with him, but she refuses and breaks off their engagement, returning his ring. henry tries to get the police to help him force isabelle to leave, by telling them that she has been "kidnapped by villains", but judge dempsey sets them straight, getting henry arrested and taken away. gus offers to put isabelle up for the night, assuring her that his intentions are "strictly dishonorable". the judge warns isabelle about gus, but she is adamant about staying, since she has fallen in love. so, too, has gus: overwhelmed by isabelle's sweetness and innocence, he spends the night in judge dempsey's apartment. the next morning, henry returns and tries to get isabelle to come back to him. despite appearances, she assures him that she has not lost her virtue and wants to know if he is still "pure", but he insists that it is "entirely different" for men. she reluctantly agrees to remain engaged to henry, and he leaves to wait for her outside. gus arrives and proposes marriage to isabelle, but she does not believe that he loves her, and she leaves. when gus and the judge go to get a drink, they find isabelle there, crying. she confesses that she does love gus, and the judge goes to tell henry not to wait.[2][4][5]
corpus document218
suicide fleet
three friends who work on the coney island boardwalk, skeets o'reilly, baltimore clark, and dutch herman are all in love with the same woman, sally. at the outbreak of world war i, the three men enlist in the us navy. before they leave for active duty, both skeets and baltimore meet with sally, with the intention of letting her know how they feel about her. baltimore can't bear the thought of sally rejecting him, so he never discloses the depths of his feelings towards her. skeets does propose to her, which she gently declines, being secretly in love with baltimore. the three are assigned to a us naval destroyer, dutch and skeets subordinate to baltimore, who is promoted to a chief petty officer, because he has served in the navy before. a german u-boat intercepts a sailing ship flying norwegian colors, and when the german officer boards the ship, the norwegian captain shares information with him regarding the movements of allied shipping, thus showing us that the norwegian ship is an undercover "message ship" for the germans. shortly after this encounter, the destroyer carrying the three friends also intercepts the sailing ship. in an attempt to destroy incriminating evidence, the norwegian captain sets the ship afire. the three sailors are part of the boarding party, and baltimore manages to take possession of coded dispatches prior to the ship's sinking. after the messages are decoded, it enables the us navy to equip a fake "message ship", and o'reilly, clark and herman are part of the crew assigned to man the vessel. the message ship cruises the atlantic, hoping to be approached by a german submarine. eventually they are, and during the encounter, they learn of the german plans to ambush and sink a fleet of american destroyers. as the germans are about to leave, one of their officers becomes suspicious of the crew of the phony message ship. he exposes the american subterfuge, and the germans return to their submarine and ready to sink the sailing ship. before they can, dutch manages to get a warning off to the american fleet. the us destroyers arrive, and the three german u-boats are sunk, two by american destroyers, and the third by the sailing ship. the three men return as heroes to the united states, and baltimore marries sally.
corpus document219
surrender
during world war i, the wily and attractive french pow sergeant dumaine is sequestered in a prison camp near the castle of a prideful prussian nobleman and military general, count reichendorf, who lives for the day that his four sons will march triumphantly into paris. having lost three sons to the french and english armies, and left with only one son, dietrich, reichendorf laments the days when his family made prussia "the might of land." he is forced to recruit military men from the prison camp. axelle, the daughter of one of the sons, who became his ward when her parents died, lives in the reichendorf castle and makes periodic goodwill visits to the prison compound, where she first encounters dumaine. captain ebbing, the martinet and disfigured prison commandant, develops an interest in axtelle. he courts her, but axelle shows little interest in him, and when he reminds her how he dazzled her before he went into battle, she rejects his affections and tells him that she is engaged to dietrich. ebbing pleads with her, insisting that his love for her is more intense and enduring than that of any other man, but she is not swayed. ebbing soon puts dumaine and the other prisoners to work at the unpleasant task of burial detail. when dumaine, fichet and other prisoners escape by overpowering the guards, they break into the reichendorf castle and take refuge there, but are soon discovered by axelle and taken back to the prison. one day, after noticing billows of smoke coming from the castle, dumaine heroically rushes into the castle and puts out a kitchen fire. in gratitude for his valor, ebbing commissions dumaine, an electrical engineer by profession, to wire the castle. dumaine's new assignment puts him in close contact with axelle, and they soon become friends. after one month, axelle begins to trust dumaine and suggests that he remove his prison number from his uniform. when news reaches germany that dietrich has led his regiment in victorious battle against the french, an end to the war is predicted. axelle is overjoyed at the news, but dumaine, whose loyalties still remain with france, is upset. back at the prison, dumaine's fellow inmates resent dumaine's privileged status at the castle, and plan a breakout without him. soon after dietrich returns from the battlefront, he discovers his fiancée in the arms of dumaine, and learns that ebbing, too, is trying to woo axelle, so he decides to return to the front. when the jealous ebbing learns of dumaine's affair with axelle, he sends the frenchman to be executed despite axelle's pleas to spare him. ebbing later has a change of heart, however, and decides to call off the execution. news of the armistice and the end of the war brings with it orders to suspend all disciplinary action against prisoners of war, and ebbing, who sees no further use for himself as a military leader, commits suicide. with the battlelines suddenly erased, dumaine and axelle resume their romance with a kiss.
corpus document220
susan lenox (her fall and rise)
helga ohlin (greta garbo) is an illegitimate child born and raised in an abusive home. her uncle, karl ohlin (jean hersholt), arranges for her to marry a lout, jeb mondstrum (alan hale), but she runs away and meets rodney spencer (clark gable), an architect who is renting a cabin down the road from her family's farm. when rodney leaves the cabin, her father and jeb find her. she runs away again and hops onto a train that has just embarked. she enters a room filled with a circus troupe. she joins them as a dancer, but writes letters to spencer to meet her in marquette; she now has been given the name of "susan lenox". while the police search for her on the train, the leader of the circus group, wayne burlingham (john miljan), hides her in his quarters and then takes advantage of her. she meets rodney in marquette, but they have a misunderstanding, because of her indiscretions with burlingham, and he leaves. she runs away to new york and becomes the mistress of mike kelly (hale hamilton), a politician. at a dinner party at kelly's penthouse, mrs. lenox invites spencer, falsely concerning a new contract for him. he arrives not knowing the woman he is to meet, but they have another misunderstanding, and he once again leaves. susan desperately goes to spencer's home, but finds that he has left without telling where. she vows to search for him, and eventually she ends up in puerto sacate of south america working as a dancer in a dance hall. there, she is romanced by an american, robert lane (ian keith), who arrives by yacht and wants to take her away with him and marry her. but, susan yearns to meet-up with spencer and vows to "rise or fall alone." a barge with men working in the swamps arrive at the port, and a group of them, including spencer, disembark and arrive at the dance hall. susan and spencer meet, and after some arguing, they finally end up rekindling their relationship.
corpus document221
sweepstakes
bud doyle is a jockey who has discovered the secret to get his favorite mount, six-shooter, to boost his performance. if he simply chants the phrase, "whoop-te-doo", the horse responds with a burst of speed. there is a special bond between the jockey and his mount, but there is increasing tension between doyle and the horse's owner, pop blake (who also raised doyle), over doyle's relationship with local singer babe ellis. blake sees ellis as a distraction prior to the upcoming big race, the camden stakes. the owner of the club where babe sings, wally weber, has his eyes on his horse winning the camden stakes. when the issues between pop and doyle come to a head, pop tells doyle that he has to choose: either he stops seeing babe, or he'll be replaced as six-shooter's jockey in the big race. angry and frustrated, doyle quits. weber approaches him to become the jockey for rose dawn, weber's horse, and doyle agrees, with the precondition that he not ride royal dawn in the camden stakes, for he wants six-shooter to still win the race. weber accedes to that one precondition, however, on the day of the race, he makes it clear that doyle is under contract, and that he will ride rose dawn in the race. upset, doyle has no choice but to ride rose dawn. however, during the race, he manages to chant his signature "whoop-te-doo" to six-shooter, causing his old mount to win the race. furious that his horse lost, weber goes to the judges, who rule that doyle threw the race, pulling back on rose dawn, to allow six-shooter to win, and suspend doyle from horse-racing. devastated, doyle wanders from town to town, riding in small local races, until his identity is uncovered, and he is forced to move on. soon, he is out of racing all together, and forced to taking one odd-job after another. eventually, he ends up south of the border, in tijuana, mexico, working as a waiter. doyle's friend, sleepy jones, hears of doyle's plight. jones gets the racing commission to lift the ban, by proving doyle's innocence. he then, accompanied by babe, gets a group to buy six-shooter from pop, and they take the horse down to tijuana, where there is another big race in the near future, the tijuana handicap. doyle is reluctant to ride at first, however, he is eventually cajoled into it by sleepy and babe, and of course, his bond with six-shooter is there. he rides the horse to victory, re-establishing his credentials as a rider. the film ends by jumping a few years into the future, which shows doyle and babe happily married, with a child of their own.
corpus document222
tabu
aged emissary hitu arrives by western sailing ship to the island of bora bora, a small island in the south pacific, on an important mission. he bears a message from the chief of fanuma to the chief of bora bora: a maiden sacred to their gods has died, and reri has been given the great honour of replacing her because of her royal blood and virtue. from this point on, she is tabu: "man must not touch her or cast upon her the eye of desire" upon penalty of death. this is painful news to reri and the young man matahi, who love each other. matahi cannot bear it. that night, he sneaks her off the ship, and the couple escape the island by outrigger canoe. eventually, they reach a french colony, half dead. they recover quickly, and matahi becomes the community's most successful pearl diver. they are happy with their new life together. however, matahi is unfamiliar with the concept of money, so he does not understand the bills he signs for drinks for everyone during a celebration. the local policeman receives a notice from the french government announcing a reward for the return of the couple, but matahi bribes him with his last pearl. then, hitu arrives on the island and sees reri alone, informing her that she has three days to give herself up or matahi will be put to death. without telling matahi of her meeting with hitu, reri decides they must flee once more. however, when matahi goes to buy tickets on a schooner, the shopkeepers instead take the money as partial payment of his debt. that night, hitu returns with a spear. reri first throws herself in front of the sleeping matahi, then agrees to return to bora bora to save his life. when matahi stirs, reri pretends to be asleep. matahi gets up and decides to get money by getting a pearl from a tabu region of the lagoon, a perilous place guarded by a shark that has already taken the life of one diver. while he is away, reri writes a farewell note, and leaves with hitu. matahi manages to get a pearl while fending off the shark. when he returns, however, he finds the note. he swims after hitu's boat. he manages to grab a rope trailing from the boat, unbeknownst to the sleeping reri, but hitu cuts it. undaunted, matahi continues swimming after them until he eventually tires and drowns.
corpus document223
tarnished lady
nancy courtney, a once wealthy socialite, has had to struggle to maintain a facade of prosperity ever since her father's death. although she loves writer dewitt taylor, who is indifferent to amassing a fortune, her mother urges her to marry stockbroker norman cravath instead. nancy acquiesces to her mother's wishes but, despite the fact her new husband does everything he can to please her, she is miserable in her marriage. meanwhile, dewitt has begun romancing norman's former girl friend germaine prentiss, nancy's long-time rival. she realizes dewitt's relationship with germaine is changing him into a social climber. unaware norman's firm has just been barred from the stock market and he is facing financial ruin, nancy tells her husband she is leaving him. she learns of norman's bankruptcy in the newspaper and, together with her friend ben sterner, she goes to a speakeasy where she proceeds to get drunk. she and ben bring some of the bar patrons to his home, where they encounter norman, who is waiting there to discuss a business transaction with ben. seeing his wife in such a disreputable state, he tells her he never wants to see her again. nancy tries to live on her own but, lacking any skills, she is unable to find employment and becomes destitute. when she discovers she is pregnant, ben offers her a place to live and, after the birth of her child, he hires her to work in his department store. norman and germaine come in to purchase a fur coat, and norman is stunned to find nancy in a menial position. germaine tries to warn nancy away, but realizing her husband still loves her, nancy asks him for another chance. germaine bows out and leaves norman with his forgiven wife and infant son.
corpus document224
ten cents a dance
a beautiful streetwise taxi dancer named barbara o'neill works at a new york city dance hall called palais de dance. one of the dance hall's wealthy patrons, bradley carlton, comes to the hall and gives barbara $100. concerned about her unemployed friend and neighbor eddie miller, barbara asks bradley to give him a job, and he agrees. that night they have dinner together. when barbara gets home, eddie is in the process of packing his bags; he can no longer afford to pay his rent. barbara gives him the $100 she received from bradley and tells him about his new job. later, eddie and barbara meet in the park and realize that they are in love. the next night at the dance hall, barbara receives a gift of a new dress, but is disappointed when she sees that it was sent by bradley. eddie arrives at the dance hall and asks barbara to marry him. barbara accepts his proposal and soon quits her job. five months later, eddie meets an old friend ralph clark and his sister nancy, and does not reveal that he is now married. they play cards together and eddie loses $240, something he hides from barbara. he claims to be at a convention, but in fact he meets a woman, nancy. later, eddie returns to find the rent and utilities past due because he has spent his pay gambling. meanwhile, barbara returns to work at the dance hall, where she sees bradley occasionally. later, barbara returns home and discovers eddie packing his bags. admitting that he stole $5,000 from bradley's office safe, he tells her that he lost that money playing the stock market. barbara is able to talk him into staying, and she visits bradley and asks him for a $5,000 loan. bradley agrees because he is in love with her. the next morning, barbara presents the money to eddie who accepts it immediately. when eddie returns from work, he and barbara engage in a jealous fight. soon after, she packs her belongings and returns to the dance hall, where she is met by bradley who has two tickets for the ile de france, where barbara can obtain a divorce and marry him.
corpus document225
this modern age
socialite valentine "val" winters (joan crawford) is a child of divorced parents and has not seen her sophisticate mother, diane, (pauline frederick), in years. indeed, diane had all but forgotten about val, as the courts awarded sole custody of val to her father, who had recently died. val travels to paris for a reunion where her mother is living as the mistress of andré de graignon (albert conti). while in paris, valentine meets fun-loving and alcoholic tony (monroe owsley), who is in diane's social circle. when valentine and tony are involved in car wreck, they are rescued from his overturned car by football-playing harvardian bob blake jr. (neil hamilton). bob and valentine fall in love, and, when he invites his parents (hobart bosworth and emma dunn) to meet her, everything goes wrong as they do not approve of tony and his boisterous friends or of diane's living arrangement with andre. later, bob overhears a conversation between diane and andré de graignon during which andré complains about his life being on hold for val and that he is kicking diane out of his house. bob tries to rush their marriage plans so that he can take her away from her mother's deception without val discovering the truth, but when she resists, he tells her the truth about her mother and implores her to forget about her and her friends and abscond with him. insulted, val says the allegations about the house not being diane's are a lie and that she loves her mother over anything, and then she spurns bob. val goes to her mother, and when diane becomes alarmed that val may have put her relationship with the wealthy bob in jeopardy, diane tells her the truth. val is a bit shocked, but is determined to stay with her mother no matter the consequences. the two move into a much smaller apartment, and tony comes by because he is still smitten with val. however, unbeknownst to val, diane recontacted andré and told him that she would leave val to travel europe with him. diane gives the news of her impending departure to her daughter, who is heartbroken at her mother's betrayal. diane leaves and visits bob for a final time. she tells him that she went to his parents to beg for mercy for val's sake. they reject diane's entreaties. having done this, diane's reputation in paris is ruined, which is why she took the opportunity to go away with andré. suddenly, bob views his parents attitude of condemning val for her mother's sins as antiquated and shameful, and the two embrace. bob goes to val and they are reunited to continue their relationship.
corpus document226
three who loved
helga larson hanson is living in sweden, but is engaged to the american fledgling attorney john hanson. hanson has helga move to the united states, and sets her up in the same boarding house he lives in, prior to their marriage. his summons of her might be a bit premature, since once she arrives, he is too busy with his job and preparing for his bar exam, to spend much time with her. lonely, she becomes attracted to a co-worker of hanson's, phil wilson, who sees an opportunity to use helga's loneliness to have his way with her. hanson is oblivious to wilson's intent, believing him to be a friend. as time goes on, their landlady, aunt annie, becomes suspicious of wilson, and warns hanson. when hanson confronts his co-worker, of course hanson lies, assuring him that his interest in helga is simply platonic. clueless, hanson accepts this explanation. meanwhile wilson continues his seduction of helga, finally getting her to sleep with him by falsely promising to marry her. meanwhile, hanson gets himself into some legal difficulty, when his investments go south and he loses the money he had been saving to buy a house for helga and himself. fearing that his loss of the money might lead to his losing helga, he steals the balance from wilson's drawer. when the theft is discovered, wilson is naturally blamed, and hanson, having learned of helga's infidelity with wilson, lets him be arrested for the crime. heartbroken, helga settles for marriage with hanson. years later, wilson breaks out of prison, and goes to confront hanson, who is now living with helga and their young child. when wilson realizes that helga is still in love with wilson, he decides to own up to the crime. before he can, however, helga realizes that she has grown to love him. as wilson tries to flee from their house, he is shot and killed by police. helga begs hanson not to confess, since there is no longer a reason to, but hanson must clear his conscience. as he is led away, helga vows that she will be waiting for him when he is eventually released.
corpus document227
the tip-off
young tommy jordan (eddie quillan) is sent for a repair job. when he arrives at the address he was told, two guys are waiting for him on the street, bringing him somewhere else - without letting him see where - to repair a radio. he jokes about "must be a hide-out, that i should not know where i am", for which he earns a "you're a smart guy". when left in the apartment doing his job, he follows a wire and ends up in the bedroom, lying on the floor under the bed. at this point, the telephone rings and a woman comes out of the bathroom and answers. he is trapped under the bed and can only see her legs. when the lady has finished her conversation, they have to talk and he is told that his great idol kayo mcclure (robert armstrong (actor)) a fighter lives in that apartment. she herself is "famous" babyface (ginger rogers) the woman of mcclure. when mcclure comes back home, tommy manages to hide and when gang leader nick vatelli (ralf harolde) appears in mcclure's apartment with his men threatening him, tommy acts as policeofficers through the radio-microphone, so that they leave the flat. mcclure is forever thankful to tommy and he offers him to help him whenever he needs it. mcclure hands him out a ticket to a ball. when he gets to the ball there is baby-face eager to dance with him. to avoid being mixed up too much with her attracting jealousy of mcclure he grabs another girl, that was handy to him, to dance. but this girl is even worse, as she is the fiancé of nick, edna moreno (joan peers). tommy is very fond of her and when nick appears he finally takes edna with him to mcclure, to hide for a night. the next day babyface argues with mcclure about hiding the kids, threatening to leave him. edna leaves the apartment without saying anything. tommy finds out where she is, and with the help of mcclure he saves her from marrying nick. as the movie ends, tommy and edna get married.
corpus document228
tonight or never
nella vargo (swanson) is a hungarian prima donna whose latest performances include singing tosca in venice. although she is praised by the audience, her music teacher rudig feels that she can not be the greatest opera singer in history until she performs in new york city. when she is criticized for not putting her soul into the song, she gets mad, until she suddenly notices a mysterious man walking on the street. she becomes smitten with the man, until rudig claims that he is a gigolo whose latest client is marchesa bianca san giovanni, a former diva with a notorious past. later that night, nella decides to head to budapest, accompanied by rudig, her butler conrad, her maid emma and her fiancé count albert von gronac, whom she is not in love with. she is shocked when she finds out the mysterious man is on board as well, with the marchesa as his company. rudig again suggests that she will never be a great singer if she does not experience love. the next day, rudig announces that fletcher is in town to sign european artists, an agent for the prestigious metropolitan opera in new york. later that afternoon, she finds out her fiancé is having an affair with one of her enemies. furious and upset with her love life, she goes to the hotel where she is staying and decides to hire the mysterious man, jim, in hopes of experience love and thereby impress fletcher. she is attracted to him, but is afraid to have her as his admirer. jim, who is actually agent fletcher, soon finds out that nella thinks that he is a gigolo. instead of revealing the truth, he pretends to be one and dominantly forces her to make a decision: spend the night with him or leave within 2 minutes. nella decides to spend the night with him, but leaves the next morning before he awakes. that night, she again gives a performance of tosca, which is acclaimed as her best in her entire career. after returning home, she is overcome by joy to find out that she has landed a contract with the metropolitan opera, but feels guilty for what she has done the night before. the same day, jim visits her, returning the necklace she has left to pay for his services and demanding her to choose between him and the contract. when she tears up the contract, he realizes that she is in love with him and he reveals himself to be a nephew of the marchesa and the famous talent scout. now, nella can have the successful new york career she has dreamt of.
corpus document229
too many cooks
engaged couple albert bennett (bert wheeler) and alice cook (dorothy lee) plan on leaving the city where they both live, in order to build their dream house in the country. they visit the site of their future home, both before, and while it is only the foundation, and later during its continued construction. the happiness over the new foundation soon dissolves as albert and alice start to argue about the floor plan, particularly the intended use of one unused upstairs room, whether it should be used as a den for him - "where i can flick cigar ashes all over, and there's no kick coming" or a fully equipped sewing room for alice. this problem is made worse when dozens of alice’s family members come to help, each offering different opinions for alice's proposed use of the room in the new house. albert’s bachelor uncle/employer george (robert mcwade) comes to inspect the house, during which time he mentions with great enthusiasm the recent return of a young woman named minnie, the daughter of a friend of his, who had sent her off to europe, "finishing her" as in finishing her cultural education, and apparently doing everything extremely well. uncle george, when he mentions her to albert, described her desirable virtues to him, and asks if albert would be able to break off his engagement to alice honorably, in favor of pursuing a relationship with minnie. this of course, is immediately, but tactfully refused, with an attempt at describing alice's virtues in a similarly positive light. then uncle george, in debating his own living circumstances with albert, and albert's best friend, frank andrews (hallam cooley) also offered to pay for it, in exchange for living with the newlywed couple on its completion. alice’s family vehemently opposes, during which time uncle george again brings up minnie as someone albert really should come to see, but another rebuff causes the offended george to fire albert. due to his apparent connection with another woman, at least as she hears her mentioned, alice calls off their engagement, handing her engagement ring back to albert, and suggesting tearfully that it might fit minnie. time passes, and the unemployed and single albert completes the house himself, along with the assistance of local townsfolk who hear of his predicament, and decides to sell it. alice returns to see the now completed house and she and albert reconcile. a now happily married george (to minnie no less, who unknown to alice, came to see the house as it was listed for sale in the paper, in the same horse-drawn jitney in which alice traveled there) returns and rehires albert, and buys the house, only to give it to the new couple as a wedding gift.
corpus document230
touchdown
football coach dan curtis (richard arlen) has to decide how much he wants to win, when one of his players is injured, when he puts in him the game to play, while still recovering from a previous injury.[1] veteran coach "pop" stewart (j. farrell macdonald) warns him that winning at all costs isn't worth it; and, he could lose a lot more than a game, including the respect of his old friend babe (jack oakie); his girl, mary (peggy shannon); and, his player, paul (charles starrett) could lose his life.[2]
corpus document231
trader horn
the film depicts the adventures of real-life trader and adventurer alfred aloysius "trader" horn, while on safari in africa. the fictional parts of the plot include the discovery of a white blonde jungle queen, the lost daughter of a missionary, played by miss booth. the realistic part includes a scene in which carey as horn swings on a vine across a river filled with genuine crocodiles, one of which comes very close to taking his leg off.
corpus document232
transgression
required to travel to india for a year to oversee financial matters, english businessman robert maury (paul cavanagh) is in a quandary regarding his young wife. his older sister, honora (nance o'neil), suggest that he leave her at their country estate, where she can keep an eye on her. but his wife, elsie (kay francis), is fearful of the boredom which may set in if she were to remain on the isolated property. maury gives in to his wife's fears, and decides to allow her to move to paris for the duration of his time on the sub-continent. in paris, she falls under the guidance of the sophisticated paula vrain (doris lloyd), who begins to teach her how to fit into the decadent parisian lifestyle. she quickly assimilates to her surroundings, and begins to attract attention from the men in her social sphere. one in particular, a spanish nobleman named don arturo de borgus (ricardo cortez), begins to pay her special attention. elsie struggles to keep the relationship platonic, and as her husband's year-long absence draws to a close, she decides that the temptation has become too great. with maury's return imminent, elsie is convinced to attend one last party by paula, who unbeknownst to elsie is working on don arturo's behalf. at the party the spanish nobleman gives elsie's seduction one last-ditch attempt. and it is beginning to work. arturo invites elsie to spend the weekend at his estate in spain. she is considering the offer when maury shows up unexpectedly. he is dismayed by the changes in his wife. he had left an innocent behind, and now he has come back to a sophisticated, jaded woman. his dismay, coupled with their year-long separation, causes him to act cool towards her. it is this coolness which makes up her mind. when maury requests that she return to england with him the next day, she defers, saying she wants to stay behind to say goodbye to the friends she has made while in paris. after maury leaves for england, she heads to arturo's. once there, arturo begins an all-assault to sexually seduce her. in this, he is abetted by his servant, serafin (john st. polis). as she weakens, before she will fully succumb, her conscious makes her write a letter to her husband in england, confessing everything. she gives the letter to serafin to post for her, and is about to fully give in to arturo, when a local peasant, carlos (agostino borgato), appears and accuses arturo of seducing and impregnating his young daughter, who died during childbirth. furious, carlos shoots and kills arturo. horrified at her almost tragic mistake, she realizes that she must intercept her confession before maury has an opportunity to read it. serafin claims that he has already written it, so elsie determines to return to the english estate and intercept it there. back in england, she waits day by day to head off the postman. her furtive actions arouse the suspicions of honora. when she discovers a news article regarding arturo's death, those suspicions are heightened, believing that elsie might have been the unnamed woman mentioned in that article. when she accuses elsie of infidelity in front of maury, he defends his wife, leading to honora deciding to finally leave the estate. it is shortly after that serafina arrives, threatening to reveal elsie and arturo's relationship to maury, and claiming that he is carrying the confessional letter. realizing that she loves her husband, she refuses to help in the plan to hurt him. when serafin confronts maury with the lurid details, he is disappointed, for maury refuses to be outraged. chastened, serafin departs, and maury accepts his wife back into his loving arms.
corpus document233
traveling husbands
while waiting to see the owner of the store who is potentially a new big client, barry greene, a traveling salesman, practices his sales pitch on ellen wilson. unbeknownst to barry, ellen is the daughter of his potential client, j.c. wilson. her father, obsessed with business, has neglected his daughter. when she goes in to speak with her father, his usual lack of interest in her life causes her to decide to teach him a lesson by living a wild life. angered by his daughter, when j.c. meets with barry, he has no desire to listen to the salesman, and has him thrown out of the building. on his way out, ellen offers him a ride to his hotel. en route, the two make a date for dinner that night. back at the hotel, barry's compatriots, all "traveling husbands" (married traveling salesmen), are enjoying a party with several call girls. one of the prostitutes, ruby smith, has fallen in love with one of the salesmen, ben hall. barry has no interest in joining the party, despondent over his failure with j.c. this is exacerbated when barry learns that his expense account has been put on hold until he can prove himself. not being able to afford his dinner with ellen, he calls her up and cancels their dinner date. disappointed that her dinner has been canceled, ellen is determined to have a good time that evening, and decides to go to the hotel for dinner by herself. when ellen shows up at the hotel she attracts ben's attention, who joins her for dinner. after dinner, in an attempt to awe her, ben takes ellen on a whirlwind tour of detroit nightspots. when they arrive back at the hotel, ben takes ellen back to his room. when he attempts to force his attentions on her, her cries arouse several people, one of whom is barry. when barry bursts into ben's room, an altercation occurs. in the dark, a gunshot is heard, and when the lights come on, ben lies on the floor, shot. in the ensuing investigation, it is uncovered that ruby shot ben in a jealous fit of rage. martha, ben's wife, has arrived and reconciles with her husband. j.c. has also arrived, and realizes how he has ignored his daughter. he, ellen and barry leave the hotel together.
corpus document234
the unholy garden
suave english thief barrington hunt (ronald colman) rendezvous with his uncouth american accomplice, smiley corbin (warren hymer), at a rundown hotel in the sahara desert beyond the reach of french authority. hunt is annoyed to learn that smiley, who has a weakness for women, lost the proceeds from the latest robbery when he met a "dame". hunt soon finds a new target for his larceny in the aged, blind baron de jonghe (tully marshall), a longtime hotel resident with an unsuspected cache of stolen money. he sets out to determine its hiding place by romancing camille (fay wray), de jonghe's attentive, inexperienced relative. when smiley falls for eliza mowbray (estelle taylor), however, he blabs to her his boss's plan. soon, every one of the motley assortment of fugitive criminals and murderers who inhabit the hotel knows, and hunt is forced to promise each a share of the loot. to complicate matters even further, hunt falls in love with camille, and she with him. the location of the money is revealed when the baron becomes extremely agitated when hunt offers to start a fire in his in-suite fireplace. hunt keeps this discovery to himself, but tells smiley to borrow the key to eliza's car. the crooks, having grown impatient with hunt's leisurely courtship of camille, demand action. hunt suggests privately to pairs of criminals that the money would be better divided amongst three partners. they all agree. meanwhile, alfred (charles hill mailes), the baron's brother, arrives with a promise of amnesty if de jonghe will return the money he stole. de jonghe insists it is legitimately his, and that camille is to have it after he is gone. later, when de jonghe leaves his room to enjoy holiday festivities, hunt sneaks in, searches the chimney and locates the money. he pockets the loot and puts the metal box back where he found it, then slips away. de jonghe becomes suspicious and returns to his room. as he is retrieving the box, he is seen by one of the crooks, who shoots him dead and flees with the box, unaware it is empty. the sound of the gunshot rouses the rest of the residents. it does not take long for them to realize that hunt has double crossed them all. however, while smiley holds them off with his gun, hunt gives camille the money and sends her to safety with alfred de jonghe. he tells the tearful young woman that this is the first good thing he has ever done and that she will be better off if she is not found in the company of a wanted fugitive. then, he and smiley make good their own escape. as they are driving off, smiley asks about his share of the money. hunt presents him with a flower, explaining that he met a "dame".
corpus document235
up for murder
bob marshall gets a promotion at a newspaper thanks to his reporter pal collins, who owed him a favor. marshall is assigned to be society columnist myra deane's escort to a ball. he falls for myra and buys her a bracelet from his meager savings. arriving uninvited at her luxurious apartment, bob is shocked to discover myra is romantically involved with william winter, a married man who is also their boss. bob slugs him during a quarrel. winter's skull hits a table and he dies, but myra lies, insisting winter is merely unconscious, hoping to avoid a scandal. she moves the body once bob leaves. bob reads about winter's death in the paper and turns himself in to the law as the culprit. he is convicted of murder and sentenced to be executed before myra comes forward with the truth. bob later receives a package with the bracelet inside, along with myra's invitation to return it to her in person.
corpus document236
the viking
set on the coast of newfoundland, a rivalry develops between jed nelson (arthur vinton), a seal hunter, and luke oarum (charles starrett), a local man considered a jinx. worried that his rival may try to steal his girlfriend mary joe (louise huntington), calling him a coward, the seal hunter goads luke into accompanying him on an arctic sealing expedition on the viking, commanded by capt. barker (robert bartlett).. they both end up in a hunting party on the ice floes and eventually find themselves stranded. jed tries to kill luke, but the snow blinds him and his gunshot misses. despite the attempt on his life, luke helps walk the blinded jed [clarification needed] across the ice flows back to newfoundland after they are unable to return to the ship. on recovering his sight at home, jed gains new respect for his rival and vows that he will beat senseless any man who derides the character of his new friend.
corpus document237
waterloo bridge
unable to find work in london at the height of world war i, american chorus girl myra deauville resorts to prostitution to support herself. she meets her clients on waterloo bridge, the primary entry point into the city for soldiers on leave. during an air raid, she meets fellow american roy cronin, a member of the canadian army. distracted from her original plans by an air raid, she makes no attempt solicit roy and he remains naively unaware of her profession. after the raid is over, roy escorts her to her apartment and the two have dinner there. describing herself simply as an unemployed chorus girl, myra gains roy's sympathy, and he offers to pay her overdue rent. after she rejects his offer and he departs, myra returns to the streets. the following morning, roy returns to visit her, and landlady mrs. hobley lets him into her apartment. there he meets myra's friend and neighbor kitty, who tells him myra needs someone to love and protect her. myra later berates kitty for interfering and rejects her advice to marry roy to ensure a better future for herself. roy brings myra to visit his family at their country estate, where he proposes to myra, who later that night tells roy's mother, mary, the truth about herself. mary is sympathetic but implores myra not to marry roy. the following morning, myra slips away and returns to london by train. eventually roy visits her and asks her to explain her abrupt departure. because he is on the verge of returning to the battlefields in france, he begs myra to marry him immediately. she agrees, but escapes from her apartment through a window while he waits for her in the hallway. seeking the rent, mrs. hobley enters and, believing myra has run off to avoid her financial obligation, reveals her true profession to roy. although shocked, roy searches for myra and eventually finds her on waterloo bridge, where he tells her he still loves and wants to marry her. the military police insist roy join a truck of departing soldiers or be considered a deserter, and once he secures myra's promises to marry him upon his return, he departs. the air raid sirens sound, and as myra seeks shelter, she is killed by a bomb.
corpus document238
way back home
a decade earlier, jonesport, maine preacher seth parker and his wife took in motherless infant robbie turner after he was abandoned by his sadistic alcoholic father rufe; young robbie has always considered the parkers his parents. mary lucy duffy, whose father has banished her from their home for fraternizing with farmhand david clark, is also living with the parkers, and her romance with david attracts the attention of the local gossips. david's mother had run off with a stranger years earlier, and when she returned to jonesport with an illegitimate infant son, they were shunned by the townspeople. mary lucy and david plan to elope to bangor, but seth encourages them to stay by offering to pay for a proper wedding. rufe breaks into the parker home to kidnap robbie, attacking mary lucy when she tries to protect the boy. seth pursues rufe and robbie and manages to intercept them before they board a train. because seth is not robbie's legal guardian, the boy is placed in an orphanage until a decision can be made about his future. meanwhile, seth lectures the townspeople about tolerance and implores them to accept rose and her newlywed son and his bride. robbie returns to jonesport, having been legally entrusted to the parkers' care.
corpus document239
west of broadway
jerry stevens is a chicago millionaire whose fiancee anne falls for another man while jerry's off to war. jerry ends up escorting two young ladies, roommates dot and maizie, to a party, and when anne turns up there with her new lover, a jealous jerry lies and introduces dot as his new love. dot goes along with the gag and has been kind to jerry all evening, so much so that, after having too many drinks, he proposes marriage to dot and takes her to a justice of the peace. he wakes up having little or no recollection of what occurred. recognizing that he has a drinking problem, dot becomes determined to help jerry regain sobriety. annoyed that she won't grant a divorce, jerry leaves for a ranch he owns in arizona, only to find dot there waiting for him. she doesn't fall for his fib that he is ill and has six months to live. but when he goes to greater lengths to get rid of her, dot gives up and goes back home, declining his offer of $10,000. anne is available again, but it gradually dawns on jerry that the woman he really loves is dot.
corpus document240
white shoulders
norma selbee is a chorus girl trying to make it in new york city. her fortunes are not going well, and she is flat broke and on the verge of starvation when she meets gordon kent. kent has spent the last several years in the back woods, utilizing his mining engineering acumen to accumulate a large fortune of approximately $20 million. he has come to the big city looking for a good time, hopefully among the "white shoulders" of the fair damsels of the big apple. upon meeting norma, he falls head over heels for her and proposes on their first evening together. norma is reluctant to agree, for she is not a gold-digger, and she is not in love with kent. but she has no prospects, and she feels that she may come to love him in time, so she agrees, and the two are immediately married. in a whirlwind of activity, kent books them on a ship to europe for their honeymoon which is leaving shortly. on the trans-atlantic crossing, and upon their arrival on the continent, kent showers norma with gifts and fine living. somehow, she still finds a way to feel unwanted by him. while she wishes that he would spend more time with her, rather than money on her, he also has a business he still has to run. when they travel to paris, they run into an old acquaintance of norma's, lawrence marchmont, who instantly understands a meal ticket when he sees one. as kent is distracted by his business dealings, he begins to woo the lonely norma. she at first resists his advances, but eventually succumbs to marchmont's attentions, and the two run off together. devastated, kent hires investigators to look into the background of the pair. it is discovered that marchmont's real name is tommy pierce, a two-bit con artist who is wanted by the police in several countries. kent also finds out that norma's first husband, who kent knew about, never legally divorced norma, so technically she is a bigamist. deciding to teach the pair a lesson, he pairs the private investigators to follow them and ensure that they cannot part from one another. it soon becomes apparent to norma that the only thing that marchmont/pierce was interested in was her jewels, and she has to resume her chorus girl activities in order to support marchmont/pierce's drinking habit. however, when either of the two attempts to leave, they are returned to each other, under threat of turning them over to the police for arrest. there are only two problems with this plan: kent is love norma; and norma has fallen in love with kent. marchmont/pierce thinks he has figured a way out of the unpleasant situation when norma's first husband, jim selbee, turns up. the two plan a blackmail scheme to be hatched on kent, only to have it foiled by norma. with that plan spoiled, the two con-men turn to plan "b", deciding to abscond with norma's jewels. the night of the robbery, as they are breaking into the safe, the pair argue, resulting in marchmont/pierce shooting selbee, and killing him. marchmont/pierce is arrested for the murder, and with selbee out of the way, norma is free to return to kent. she is reticent, due to her guilt over her relationship with marchmont, but kent convinces her to return, and the pair is reunited.
corpus document241
the woman between
a young man returns from europe after several years' estrangement from his family caused by his disapproval of his father's remarrying after his mother's death. at the family reunion he learns that his stepmother is the woman with whom he had a shipboard romance on the voyage home.
corpus document242
a woman of experience
in 1914 vienna, elsa elsbergen volunteers for nursing, but her lies hiding her sordid past are discovered and she is turned down. however, captain muller believes her patriotism and background are perfect for the austrian department of intelligence. his superior, major schmidt, wants her to become very friendly with captain otto von lichstein, who is known to be spying for the enemy. elsa is disappointed at the use that schmidt wants to make of her, but accepts the assignment. at a party, she catches von lichstein's eye and agrees to meet him the next night. on her way home, she is nearly run down by a horse-drawn cab. its passenger, sub-leutnant count karl runyi of the royal navy, is very apologetic and insists on seeing her home. they become strongly attracted to each other, and see each other every night. schmidt reprimands elsa, but she refuses to give karl up and turn her attention to von lichstein. karl had been frustrated at being assigned to an admiral's staff, far from the fighting, but when the opportunity he had been hoping for finally becomes available, he chooses not to volunteer for a dangerous assignment - running a blockade with three submarines - because of elsa. she, however, persuades him to change his mind, telling him that he would come to hate her if he did not seize his chance at glory. she sends him a letter, which he reads after sailing; in it, she lies and tells him that she has found someone else. she then becomes von lichstein's girlfriend. he later has her entertain naval officer heinrich. the drunk young man is soon boasting to von lichstein about the exploits of the three submarines, and in particular their secret return route under the very noses of the enemy. von lichstein decides that this would be a fitting culmination of his espionage career and prepares to deliver the information personally. elsa secretly telephones schmidt to come immediately and holds von lichstein at gunpoint. however, he splashes his drink in her face, and they struggle for the gun. it goes off, seriously wounding elsa. schmidt and his men arrive, so von lichstein commits suicide. karl returns safely and is lauded as a national hero. then, despite everything, he goes to see elsa. she admits that there was no other man, and they become engaged. however, countess runyi, karl's mother, knows about elsa's past. when elsa refuses to break the engagement, the countess informs her that she will tell karl. katie, elsa's loyal maid, then reveals elsa's heroism to the countess. although moved, the countess's mind is set. however, elsa reveals that, as a result of her wound, she has only six months to live. she marries karl.
corpus document243
women of all nations
the film opens at the end of world war i, with lifelong rivals captain jim flagg and sergeant harry quirt in the trenches. after the war ends, both men re-enlist, and the film follows their adventures through the philippines, asia, and the panama canal. after a stint in the brig, flagg is given command of a recruiting office in brooklyn, new york, where he works with olsen, who has a persistent sneezing problem, much to the annoyance of flagg. quirt, meanwhile has been discharged. when a local “joint” is raided by the police, flagg discovers it is being run by quirt, and he forces quirt to re-enlist, or be turned over to the police. flagg has been highly unsuccessful as a recruiter, managing only a single other recruit, izzy kaplan, who flagg promised to look after to his father. they are sent to sweden, where a love triangle develops between flagg, quirt and a dancer they meet in a café, elsa. elsa’s boyfriend, olaf, eventually intervenes, and the three marines leave sweden, bound to nicaragua, to help out in earthquake rescue and relief efforts. during the efforts, izzy is killed, and flagg digs out a buried marine, discovering it is quirt. their final mission takes them to the mid-east, where they find elsa as a favorite in a harem. she had arrived there from paris, where she had met prince hassan, in whose harem she now finds herself. quirt, flagg and olsen rescue elsa from the harem, sneaking her out in an enclosed harem chair. as they argue about who will end up with elsa, they hear olsen's sneeze from within the chair, and they understand that olsen will wind up with elsa, much to the chagrin of the other two marines.
corpus document244
working girls
two sisters from indiana, mae and june thorpe, move into a house for homeless girls in new york. with june's help, mae obtains a job as a stenographer for scientist joseph von schraeder, while june gets work as a telegraph operator. june begins dating pat kelly, a saxophone player who lavishes her with gifts. mae begins to date boyd wheeler, a successful lawyer. mae turns down a marriage proposal from von schraeder, and von shraeder asks that she then quit her job so he will not be hurt by having her around. mae compromises her virtue with boyd by staying alone with him one night in his apartment. she suffers for her choice when he goes out of town for a month and returns engaged to a socialite. now, june derides mae for trusting someone from a higher class. as her sister has been out of work for months, june goes to von schraeder, who kindly offers to rehire mae. he realizes, however, that he is really in love with june. after her first week back at work, mae asks von schraeder to renew his proposal, as she is pregnant. he does so graciously, but on the eve of her engagement party, boyd returns, his engagement having been broken. june is aware that boyd is already responsible for one broken engagement and prevents mae from seeing him again. june changes her mind, realizing her sister has a chance for happiness, and borrows kelly's gun. kelly, mae, and june go to boyd's apartment, where june forces boyd at gunpoint to agree to marry mae. he happily complies. later, june and kelly run into von schraeder at a chinese restaurant, and after sending kelly away, june tells von schraeder the news. he is not disappointed, revealing he is in love with her, which she reciprocates.
corpus document245
the yellow ticket
when martial law is declared in russia, all jews are restricted to their villages. the authorities are unsympathetic to marya (elissa landi) when she wants to travel to see her dying father. marya learns that a card, called "the yellow ticket", is issued to prostitutes and allows them to travel freely. marya gets a yellow ticket. in st. petersburg, baron andrey (lionel barrymore), a corrupt police official, prevents his lecherous nephew, captain nikolai, from forcing himself on marya. she meets julian (laurence olivier), a british journalist, and tells him about injustices the government has kept him from learning about, including the yellow ticket. when julian's articles are published, andrey, a womanizer, guesses that marya has been giving him information.
corpus document246
young donovan's kid
jim donovan (richard dix) is a two-bit mob leader in new york during the 1920s. when another mobster, ben murray (richard alexander) is killed in a gunfight between rival gangs, donovan takes it upon himself to raise his son, midge murray (jackie cooper). when donovan seeks the advice of the parish priest on how to raise an adolescent boy, the priest, father dan (frank sheridan), enlists the services of his niece, kitty costello (marion shilling). when she directs donovan to get honest work, he agrees, and she gets him a job at the ironworks where she is also employed. he is slowly transformed by the effect that both midge and kitty have on him. he also falls in love with kitty. things are going well until the government gets involved, and midge is taken away from donovan and sent to a house of correction. donovan is devastated and loses his mind, declaring war on the authorities. however, kitty has not given up on him, and gets him to calm down, by working out a deal with the authorities (due to her own personal standing in the community) where midge will be returned to him if he keeps his nose clean for several months. the romance between kitty and donovan further blossoms over the course of the next couple of months, as donovan looks forward to the return of midge. however, one day as he is visiting midge, kitty is robbed of $5,000 which she was transporting from the ironworks to the bank. the police, suspecting the worst, arrest donovan. he escapes from police custody and tracks down the actual culprits who perpetrated the robbery, who happen to be his old gang. he recovers the money, but in the process is seriously wounded in a gunfight. donovan manages to return the stolen funds to the police before collapsing. while in the hospital, he and kitty declare their love for one another, and he is promised that midge will join them shortly.
corpus document247
20,000 years in sing sing
cocky tommy connors (spencer tracy) is sentenced from 5 to 30 years in sing sing for robbery and assault with a deadly weapon. his associate, joe finn (louis calhern), promises to use his contacts and influence to get him freed long before that, but his attempt to bribe the warden to provide special treatment is met with disdain and failure. connors makes trouble immediately, but several months confined to his cell changes his attitude somewhat. as the warden had predicted, connors is only too glad to do some honest work on the rockpile after his enforced inactivity. nonetheless, his determination to break out is unshaken. bud saunders (lyle talbot), a highly educated fellow prisoner, recruits him and hype (warren hymer) for a complicated escape attempt. by chance, however, it is scheduled for a saturday, which connors superstitiously regards as always unlucky for him. he backs out, forcing saunders to take another volunteer. the warden is tipped off and, though two guards are killed, the escape is foiled. trapped, saunders jumps to his death. his two accomplices are captured and returned to their cells. meanwhile, connors' girlfriend, fay wilson (bette davis), visits him regularly in prison since his trial. on one visit, she admits she has become friendly and close to finn in order to encourage him to help connors, but connors tells her that she is only giving finn a reason to keep him locked up in jail. the warden shows connors a telegram that says that wilson was injured in a car accident; there is no hope for her. then, he gives connors a 24-hour leave to see her; connors promises to return, no matter what. when he sees wilson, he learns that finn was responsible for her injuries. he takes out a gun from a drawer, but wilson persuades him to give her the pistol. finn shows up, however, expecting her to sign a statement exonerating him in exchange for $5000 she intended to give to connors. connors attacks him. when it seems that finn is about to kill her boyfriend, wilson shoots him. connors flees, taking the gun with him; wilson secretly slips the money into his pocket. before he dies, finn names connors as his killer. the warden is lambasted in the newspapers for letting connors go. just when he is about to sign a letter of resignation, connors walks in. he is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to death in the electric chair, despite a recovered wilson's testimony that she killed finn. connors comforts her before being taken to death row.
corpus document248
70,000 witnesses
buck buchanan plays football for state, but his criminal brother slip buchanan has placed a whopping $350,000 wager on university defeating state in the upcoming big game. slip attempts to coerce his brother into drugging a star teammate, wally clark, so he is unable to play. buck refuses to do so, but is distracted on the field of play by his suspicions that slip will find another way to do wally harm. sure enough, just as wally is about to score a state touchdown, he collapses at the 5 yard line. as 70,000 spectators look on, wally is carried from the field and expires. a doctor rules the death accidental, but a police detective, dan mckenna, is so convinced of foul play, he has the players reassembled and the entire football play re-enacted, solving the case.
corpus document249
after the ball
jack harrowby (basil rathbone) believes he is drawing a diplomat's wife into an affair. unbeknownst to him, he is actually seducing the maid.
corpus document250
after tomorrow
peter piper (charles farrell) and his girlfriend sidney taylor (marian nixon) have been engaged for a long time (three years), but the economic situation of the great depression and the selfish demands of their respective mothers have delayed their marriage. they imagine their future together "after tomorrow" in the lyrics of their favorite song. while clinging mrs. piper (josephine hull), a widow completely fixated on her boy, cannot bear the thought that her son will one day leave her, does her best to break up sidney and peter's relationship. sidney's mother, else taylor (minna gombell) thinks only of her own needs, and her lover, malcolm jarvis (william pawley), a lodger in their house, with whom she leaves for good the day before pete and sidney's wedding, causing a second heart attack to willie, sidney's father (william collier sr.). the wedding has to be postponed for another half of a year. when finally else comes back to help her daughter and pete financially, but willie does not allow it. pete finds the courage to face his mother's boyfriend, mr. beardsley (ferdinand munier), owner of a chewing gum factory, giving him the same as his mother gives to sidney, and while arguing if he has serious intentions with his mother, mr. beardsley tells him that the hundred dollars he invested in his factory had a revenue of $740 at that point. so finally they can marry and go to niagara falls.
corpus document251
the age of consent
mike harvey (cromwell) and betty cameron (wilson) are college sweethearts at a new york college. they are so anxious to consummate their relationship that mike suggests that the two of them quit college, get married and move to california where a friend of his has offered him a job. both mike's mentor, professor matthews, and betty talk him out of it. in a funk, mike goes to the local diner. dora (judge) is an underage waitress who has had a crush on mike and suggests that he walk her home after her late shift. arriving at her house, she invites him in. once in the house she lets him know that her father is working the night shift, offers mike some of the liquor her father keeps hidden and turn on the music. the drunken couple begin kissing and end up having sex. they wake up the next morning as dora is asking mike if he's sorry for what happened. at that moment dora's father (barlow) comes in. he sees the rumpled condition of the couple, hears dora's words and immediately has mike arrested for corrupting the morals of a minor. matthews bails mike out and when they meet with dora and her father in the district attorney's office, mr swales presents mike with two options: marry dora or have charges brought against him. despite professor matthews attempts to intervene, dora's father insists that mike marry his daughter and mike finally acquiesces. the plan is made for them to get married that night and leave immediately for california. mike goes to see betty who has changed her mind and wants to leave school right away to get married. mike tells her that he has to marry someone and why, she becomes distraught and suggests they run away and get married right away. he tells her that he has to do the right thing by dora and leaves. betty is visibly upset and later duke galloway, a classmate of mike and betty's offers to take her for a ride to help cheer her up. mike arrives at dora's house. her father lets him know that the preacher is on the way. dora comes downstairs in a white suit for the wedding and so that she can leave with mike right away. professor matthews is standing up for mike. before the preacher can arrive, professor matthews is summoned to the hospital and he takes mike with him with dora and her father following behind. when the arrive at the hospital they find out that duke has had a bad car accident. betty is badly injured but duke dies from his injuries at the hospital. dora sees mike and betty and tells her father that she refuses to marry mike because she can see how much he and betty love each other. the last scene shows a now married mike and betty on the train to california.
corpus document252
air mail
pilot mike miller (ralph bellamy) owns and operates desert airport, an air mail base at the foot of the rocky mountains. he leads a group of young pilots who risk their lives flying through dangerous weather and over treacherous terrain to deliver air mail. when joe barnes (ward bond) crashes at the base, the other pilots attempt to retrieve the precious mail from the burning wreckage. mike consoles his girlfriend ruth (gloria stuart), who is also joe's sister. mike now realizes that he has to hire a replacement, the reckless "duke" talbot (pat o'brien). duke is a good pilot, but his bravado and affair with irene (lilian bond), wife of fellow pilot "dizzy" wilkins (russell hopton), has the potential to cause irreparable damage to the tightly knit group of aviators. when dizzy crashes and dies in a blinding snow storm, mike is forced to take over the last leg of his flight, even though doctors have told him that his vision has deteriorated. when he also crashes during a blizzard, his distress call reveals that he is still alive, but trapped in an inaccessible mountain valley. duke considers the rescue as a challenge, commandeering an aircraft and flying to the remote valley. he lands roughly, damaging his aircraft, but manages to fly out with mike on board. as they reach desert airport, duke knows he cannot land safely so he pushes mike out before he crash-lands. as the ground crew pull him out of the wreck, duke is badly injured, but alive.
corpus document253
the all american
college football hero gary king's life changes for the worse when the allure of money results in a business arrangement with untrustworthy willie walsh and a romance with heiress gloria neuchard, changing all his previous plans. gary spurns sweetheart ellen steffens and puts off a promise to best friend steve kelly to launch a construction business together. his lavish spending on gloria and gambling habit result in gary falling deeply in debt. in the meantime, gary's younger brother bob has become an all-american football star. bob is married to betty poe and all is well until wealthy gloria and scheming willie turn up again. when a football game is scheduled between bob's school and a team of older all-stars, an opportunity arises for gary to play against his brother and teach him not to make the same mistakes he did.
corpus document254
almost married
a russian woman with a forged passport attempts to elude the police and seeks the assistance of a man she met one summer in scotland. she married an official at the british embassy in moscow, and settles down with him in england. however she reveals that she is already married, and her husband is criminally insane.
corpus document255
american madness
in the great depression era, the board of directors of thomas dickson's bank want dickson (walter huston) to merge with new york trust and resign. he refuses. one night, dickson's bank is robbed of $100,000. the suspect is matt brown (pat o'brien), an ex-convict whom dickson hired and appointed chief teller. brown, who's very loyal to dickson, refuses to say where he was that night. he has two witnesses for his alibi, mrs. dickson (kay johnson) and fellow worker cyril cluett (gavin gordon), but brown is protecting dickson from finding out that mrs. dickson was with cluett having a romantic evening. cluett, who has a $50,000 gambling debt, is responsible for the robbery, but lets brown take the rap. word of the robbery causes a run on the bank, but friends of the banker come to his aid, and the bank is saved.
corpus document256
the animal kingdom
tom collier (leslie howard) is a book publisher who has been living in the city with his best friend and lover daisy sage (ann harding) without being married. his wealthy father, rufus collier (henry stephenson), wants him to live a respectable life. while daisy is away for her job, tom falls in love with cecelia (myrna loy). although their lawyer and friend owen (neil hamilton) is in love with cecelia, he doesn’t have enough financial resources to maintain her interest. cecelia tries to get tom to sell out without his realizing it. she talks him into publishing bad books that will make money and getting rid of his old friends, including “red”, his prize-fighter friend and butler. she wants tom to sell his publishing company, live in the city with his father as a "proper gentleman" and take their place in society, which tom has been fighting all his life. daisy tries to stay away, but she and tom’s bohemian friends can’t believe he’s happy. she loves him deeply and wants to have children with him, but cares most about his well-being. tom complains that he's losing his soul and integrity. finally, when cecelia offers tom champagne to toast selling his publishing company and moving in with his father, tom realizes that cecelia's bedroom suite reminds him of a brothel he used to visit, as he says, "in vino veritas". when red tells tom he is going back to the city, that he can’t stomach being at that house any longer, tom insists driving red to the station, saying, “i'm going back to my wife,” referring to daisy. as he leaves, he signs over to cecelia a large birthday check from his father, and puts it on the mantle, just as he used to leave money for the girls in the bordello.
corpus document257
are you listening?
a radio writer is tricked into confessing — on the air — that he murdered his wife.
corpus document258
as you desire me
budapest bar entertainer zara (greta garbo) is a discontented alcoholic who is pursued by many men but lives with novelist carl salter (erich von stroheim). a strange man called tony (owen moore) shows up on salter's estate claiming that zara is actually maria, the wife of his close friend bruno. maria, tony claims, had her memory destroyed during a world war i invasion 10 years ago. zara doesn't remember but leaves with tony to salter's dismay. bruno, now an officer in the italian army, tries to coax maria's memory back on his large estate. no one is really sure if zara is maria, and when salter shows up with a mental case from trieste that he claims is the real maria, everyone on bruno's estate is desperately searching for the truth. the narrative structure of as you desire me was used by marcelle maurette for her play anastasia, which was translated into english by guy bolton, then later fashioned into the 1956 film anastasia, penned by bolton and arthur laurents. the dual plot of amnesia victim who may or may not be someone and the income to be gained by proving the identity were the key plot devices.
corpus document259
bachelor mother
a conniving young man is brought up on charges of reckless driving. to "prove" his innocence and good character, he goes to a nursing home and adopts an old woman whom he presents as his loving mother. unfortunately for him, she really gets into her role and when he falls in love with a seductive, shady lady, the old lady does all she can to protect him from her; this includes getting him tossed in jail and shooting the young trollop. afterward, the old lady must stand trial.[1]
corpus document260
back street
in early 1900s cincinnati, young and beautiful ray schmidt (irene dunne) works in her father's shop by day and stays out late drinking beer and dancing with various men by night, although her stepmother disapproves. ray dates for fun, mostly going out with traveling salesmen passing through town, and neither she nor her dates are interested in any permanent attachment. an exception is kurt shendler, who owns a bicycle shop near mr. schmidt's shop and aspires to get into the automobile business. kurt is in love with ray and asks her to marry him, but she refuses because while she likes kurt, she doesn't return his romantic feelings. while visiting the train station with kurt, ray meets walter saxel (john boles) and the two fall for each other at first sight. walter soon confesses to ray that he is actually engaged to another woman in town, corinne, who comes from a wealthy background and whose mother is friends with his own mother. nevertheless he has fallen in love with ray, and asks her to meet him at a local band concert that he will be attending with his mother. walter hopes to introduce ray to his mother and perhaps get her approval of the relationship. on the day of the concert, ray is late arriving because her younger half-sister freda is suicidal over her boyfriend, hugo, leaving town. freda begs ray to go after hugo and stop him, threatening to throw herself out a window if ray does not help. by the time ray has dealt with freda's situation and gotten to the concert, it is over, and ray cannot find walter or his mother in the departing crowds. walter, thinking she stood him up, writes her an angry letter and marries corinne. several years later, walter, now a rising young financier on wall street, runs into ray who is single and working in new york city. the two renew their acquaintance and realize they still love each other, although walter is still married and has two children. walter sets ray up in an inexpensive apartment and gets her to give up her job so she will be free to see him when he has time. however, his work, family and social commitments sometimes keep him away for long periods of time, causing ray to feel lonely and isolated. after walter takes an extended trip to europe with his wife, leaving ray alone with insufficient money to live on, she breaks up with him and accepts a proposal from kurt, who has become a rich automobile manufacturer. walter goes to cincinnati to convince her not to marry kurt and they resume their previous relationship. years pass, and walter has become a wealthy and prominent financier. when he travels he now brings ray along, although they must keep their relationship hidden and avoid being seen in public together, meaning ray spends much of her time alone. ray is the target of gossip and is hated by walter's adult children, who regard ray as a gold digger. walter's son dick tells ray to get out of his family's life, but his father walter walks in on the conversation and tells his son to be more understanding or at least to mind his own business. that night, walter suffers a massive stroke and dies shortly thereafter. just before walter dies, he asks dick to telephone ray's number and hears her voice over the phone one last time. dick, who now understands his father's feelings for ray, goes to see her and offers to continue to support her. he finds her distraught over walter's death and also learns that his father had been paying her only a very small amount per month, thus proving that she stayed in the relationship for love, not money. after dick leaves, ray dies looking at walter's picture.
corpus document261
the beast of the city
police captain jim fitzpatrick (walter huston) is a dedicated family man and crime fighter not averse to using violence to fight violence. although he's been demoted for political reasons, public outcry forces the mayor to take more aggressive action against sleazy gang boss sam belmonte (jean hersholt), and fitzpatrick is promoted to police chief. his younger brother, police detective ed fitzpatrick (wallace ford), allows himself to be seduced by a languorously sexy belmonte gang moll (jean harlow) and needs money to continue the relationship. frustrated when his principled brother will not promote him, he betrays jim's trust by conspiring with belmonte's henchmen in a truck hijacking that results in the deaths of a child and another police officer. after a crooked lawyer is able to get those guilty off on all charges, the relentlessly determined chief turns to vigilantism to rid the city of its "beasts."
corpus document262
behind the mask
a federal agent (holt) goes undercover to infiltrate a drug smuggling operation headed by a mysterious mr. x (van sloan), a criminal mastermind whose identity is unknown even to his henchmen. mr. x is also running a bogus hospital where victims are killed on the operating table, and their coffins stuffed with narcotics. the drug-filled coffins are then buried in a cemetery.
corpus document263
the big broadcast
radio-singer bing crosby is not very serious about his career. his chronic tardiness and his affair with the notorious mona lowe (sharon lynn) has become an issue at station wadx. after mona cheats on him, the despondent singer meets texas oil man leslie mcwhinney (stuart erwin), who has also been wronged by a woman. soon after, anita rogers (leila hyams), the former fiancée of mcwhinney, falls in love with crosby. meanwhile, station manager george burns is plagued by the addled conversation of his stenographer, gracie allen and eventually loses the radio station. mcwhinney buys the station in order to help out crosby and anita, whom he still loves. mcwhinney comes up with the idea of putting on a "big broadcast" of stars to pull the station out of debt. mona returns on the scene and threatens the budding romance between crosby and anita, as well as the station's upcoming big broadcast. mcwhinney tries to find a phonograph record to replace the absent crosby, and ends up impersonating crosby on the air. the singer returns and takes the microphone in mid-song. crosby, who actually has been feigning irresponsibility to bring mcwhinney and anita together, succeeds both in reuniting the former lovers and in taming mona.
corpus document264
big city blues
bud reeves is an innocent young man who once lived in a small town. after inheriting money, he moves to new york city where he meets his cousin gibby. he introduces him to chorus girl vida fleet, who he falls in love with. troubles start to come when they decide to throw a party where a woman is killed after accidentally being hit on her head. bud and vita try to escape from the police and after arresting everybody, the real killer is soon revealed. bud immediately goes back to his home in indiana, but wants to go back to new york to marry vida.
corpus document265
the big timer
cooky bradford wants to make enough money to buy a lunch wagon. he ends up falling for, and fighting for, boxing manager pop baldwin's daughter, honey.
corpus document266
a bill of divorcement
a bill of divorcement describes a day in the lives of a middle-aged englishwoman named margaret "meg" fairfield (burke); her daughter sydney (hepburn); sydney's fiancé kit humphreys (manners); meg's fiancé gray meredith (cavanagh); and meg's husband hilary (barrymore), who escapes after spending almost twenty years in a mental hospital. after the family discusses hilary's genetic predisposition toward psychiatric problems, which sydney seems to have inherited, hilary and sydney give up meg and kit in order to avoid passing this trait to future generations. the film begins on christmas eve as meg gives a party in her comfortable english manor. in addition to dancing and listening to christmas carols, sydney and kit happily discuss their future together, as do meg and gray. the only unpleasant moment of the evening occurs when the singers dedicate their performance of god bless the master of this house to gray. hilary's sister hester objects to this because she considers hilary to be the master of the house even though he is psychotic and institutionalized. on christmas morning, while meg and gray are at church, the asylum telephones to say that hilary has gone missing, and hester unintentionally reveals to sydney that insanity runs in their family. the family's official explanation of hilary's troubles has been that he experienced shell shock while fighting in world war i, but another family member had similar problems in the past. hester and sydney discuss hilary's talent as a composer, and sydney sits down at the piano to play an unfinished sonata that hilary wrote before going to war. a few minutes later, hilary returns home, having escaped from the asylum. he meets sydney and they chat comfortably, except for a heated argument that serves to further display their similarities as sensitive, free-spirited individuals. when meg returns from church, she reacts to hilary's presence with shock. she has not loved him for years, is frightened by him, and has been counting on her upcoming marriage to gray, who helped her obtain a divorce on account of hilary's insanity. however, hilary is caught up in his own sudden recovery and assumes that she will welcome him back. he fails to understand and accept that her life with him ended long ago until his doctor arrives from the asylum and explains the situation to him, saying, "face it, man! one of you must suffer. which is it to be? a healthy woman with her life before her, or a man whose children ought never to have been born?" the doctor says this in sydney's presence. this prompts sydney to begin contemplating her own plans with kit. after the doctor tells sydney that any children she has would be at risk of inheriting hilary's problems, she breaks her engagement to kit and sends him away. meanwhile, hilary vacillates between accepting meg's love for gray and pleading with her to change her mind. meg gives in to his pressure, but he spies her talking with gray and sees how much she loves gray and how miserable she feels. finally, hilary regains his will to do what is best, and he has sydney send meg and gray away. when sydney returns to hilary, she tearfully embraces him and they agree that they will live together. the film ends as they sit together at the piano, cheerfully experimenting with new endings to his sonata.
corpus document267
bird of paradise
as a yacht sails into an island chain in the south pacific, a large number of natives in pontoon boats sail out to greet them. the natives dive for the trinkets the yacht's crew throws them. a shark arrives, scaring most of the natives away. attempting to catch a shark by throwing it bait that has been tied to a harpoon-sized hook, johnny baker (joel mccrea) accidentally steps into a loop that tightens around his ankle. the shark takes the bait, and the rope grows tighter, causing the rope to yank the young man overboard. luana (dolores del río), the daughter of the chief, saves his life by leaping into the water and cutting the rope. it is not long before they meet in the middle of the night. swiftly falling in love, they discover she has been promised by her father to another man – a prince on a neighboring island. an arranged wedding with an elaborate dance sequence then follows. johnny appears at the nick of time, runs into a circle of burning fire, rescues her as the natives kneel to the fire. they travel to another island where they hope to live out the rest of their lives. he builds her a house with a roof of thatched grass. however, their idyll is smashed when the local volcano on her home island begins to erupt. she confesses to her lover that she alone can appease the mountain. her people take her back. when johnny goes after her, he is wounded in the shoulder by a spear and tied up. the people decide to sacrifice both of them to the volcano, but on the way, the couple are rescued by johnny's friends and taken aboard the yacht. johnny's wound is tended to, but his friends wonder what will become of the lovers. luana does not fit into johnny's world. when johnny is sleeping, luana's father demands her back. she goes willingly, believing that only she can save her people by voluntarily throwing herself into the volcano's mouth.
corpus document268
blessed event
alvin roberts (lee tracy) feuds with bunny harmon (dick powell), a singer. roberts reports on society people who are expecting, i.e. going to have a child. one such report antagonizes a gangster in a delicate situation, who sends over a henchman to threaten him. roberts manages to turn the tables on the gangster.
corpus document269
blonde venus
the movie begins with seven american students traveling in germany. they stop at a pond and spot six girls (who all work for a theater) bathing. the unclothed girls discover the male students and attempt to conceal themselves. one of the girls, helen (dietrich), asks them to go away, to which one of the young men, ned (marshall), responds by adamantly refusing to leave. the movie shifts to years later, showing a mother bathing a boy, telling him to hurry since his father would be coming home soon. the mother and the boy turn out to be ned's wife and son years after their first meeting at the pond. the scene cuts to a doctor's office, where we see a man offering to sell his body to science for money. the man is ned, now an american chemist poisoned with radium and expecting to die within the year. the doctor tells him that there is a famous german physician who has had success treating radiation poisoning and recommends ned to travel to germany. it would cost him approximately $1500 and he would have to be there for six months. the scene reverts to helen and ned putting their son, johnny to bed after his bath. johnny asks his parents to tell him the "germany story", an ongoing bedtime tradition telling how ned and helen met. ned recites this bedtime story by recalling his travel in germany as a student and his encounter of "six beautiful princesses at a pond," one of whom told ned that she will grant him a wish if he leaves. ned wished to see her again, and that very night, ned went to the local theater, finding the "princess" on the stage. johnny asks his mother what the princess thought of ned, to which she simply responds that she wanted to see him again. after the show, ned asked "the princess" for a walk, and while under a tree, embraced her. johnny insists on hearing, "and then what happened?" after their first kiss, to which ned replies with a cheshire grin, "and then..we started to think of you.." with johnny asleep, ned and helen discuss the possibility of having ned travel to germany for the treatment. it is very evident that ned loves helen and wishes not to leave her, and at the same time, helen exhibits her undying love for ned by insisting that she return to theater work to help finance his trip. although ned is against this, helen finds work at a night club and befriends a fellow cabaret girl "taxi" who is of obvious lower class than helen. she tells helen about nick townsend (cary grant) a famous millionaire politician who is a regular at the club and who gave her expensive jewelry for "favors." helen attracts great attention in her first performance "hot voodoo" (in which she is required to don an ape suit and remove the costume head dramatically). nick townsend, who is in the audience, is interested in helen, and after the show, goes back stage to meet her. he found out about her family troubles and gives helen a check for $300 as down-payment for her husband's medical treatment. eventually helen accumulates enough money to fund ned's treatment. she lies to ned about how she got the money, saying that the producer "paid her in advance." out of apparent guilt for lying to him, she then asks if ned "loves her," to which he replies, "do i love you? oh you silly little thing." he then embraces her. the next day, johnny and helen see ned off to germany at the ship docks. nick shows up to give helen a ride home when the ship sails, much to her surprise and irritation. nick then said he had a "friend with an apartment" in which she and johnny can stay all summer, thereby sparing her from working again. nick takes the liberty to call helen's business manager to informs him that helen can quit immediately because she has no contract with him. helen begins to live at nick's "friend's apartment" and eventually develops feelings for nick. when she discovers that her husband is returning from germany she realizes how much she is indeed attracted to nick and finally admits that she loves him. however, she informs nick that she must go back to ned, with the reason being that he isn't "as strong" as nick and therefore he needs her more than nick does.  before ned is to return to the states, helen goes on a two-week vacation with nick, with both believing that it would be their final private time together. meanwhile, ned returns two weeks early, finding his home empty with neighbors informing him that they haven't seen helen nor johnny for two weeks. ned ultimately finds out that his wife has quit her job and been keeping company with nick. helen returns home from her vacation with nick and bids him farewell. (nick informs helen he would travel to europe to "forget about you.") upon returning home, helen is dismayed to discover ned is already there, and that she had failed to see a telegram warning of his early arrival because she was with nick. helen implies her act of infidelity to ned saying that she has been "untrue" to him, had lied about the money and said it was the only way to get him his treatment. ned is very angry and tells her he is going to pay her money back and states that he wishes he had never met her. he banishes helen from the house and threatens to take her to court for custody of johnny. he demands that she bring johnny into the room so they could reveal the plans of their separation to him. helen agrees, but grabs johnny and escapes. they both end up living on the run. ned reports his wife's and son's disappearance to the police, and they begin to track her. helen and johnny end up renting an apartment where she befriends a black housekeeper (hattie mcdaniel, uncredited) who senses "some man outside" is a detective. the detective starts a conversation with helen telling her about his problematic chase, (ironically, for her) and even has a beer with her. helen takes him to her room and eventually johnny pops into the room, revealing his and his mother's identities to the detective. helen voluntarily turns herself in. they take the train back to ned and home. helen realizes that life on the lam is not conducive to raising a child correctly and agrees to return johnny to ned. ned asks her to never see him or johnny again. after a dramatic emotional breakdown, helen throws herself into a work-a-holic mode: singing in cabarets, making a successful career which eventually catapulted her to paris. in a fateful performance, she runs into nick, who continues to profess his feelings for helen. nick knows that helen loves johnny and that she wishes to be with her son again. nick offers to take her back to the u.s., and the two return engaged to be married. helen comes home and sees her son, johnny, who is unaware of his mother's engagement to nick. johnny asks his mother to tell him the "germany story" again in front of ned, since ned had refused to tell it (because he "had forgotten it"). johnny then proceeds to tell the story himself, encouraging his parents to join in the dialogue. through this forced dialogue with johnny telling the story, ned and helen become aware how their separation affects johnny, who wishes to remain in a world in which his parents are together. helen then sings to johnny the song that she sang before he sleeps every night (the lyric of this song is a poem by heinrich heine). during the song, the audience sees a close-up of the music-playing carousel, a ceramic music box merry-go-round that we see at the beginning of the film with the first bed-time story. this is a symbol of their up and down, round and round life and is an important prop in creating a poignant moment wherein helen and ned realize that their home is where they both ultimately belong.
corpus document270
broadway to cheyenne
a young and honest new york police department detective "breezy" kildare is attempting to arrest b.h. "butch" owens, the leader of a gang of criminals who attempted to bribe him. he is wounded in a shootout between owens' gang and another gang in a broadway night club. his police chief allows him to recuperate and cool down in his thirst for justice back in his home of wyoming where his father is a cattleman. once arriving back home he soon discovers the gangsters who attempted to bribe and kill him are lying low there and diversifying by starting a cattleman's benevolent association that is actually a protection racket protecting the cattlemen from such perils as having their cattle machine gunned. when his father is shot in a drive-by shooting, breezy leads the cattlemen against the well-armed gangsters who no longer have the power of a bribed administration or high-powered legal protection, but now have to face six-gun justice and lynch law.
corpus document271
broken lullaby
haunted by the memory of walter holderlin, a soldier he killed during world war i, french musician paul renard (phillips holmes) confesses to a priest (frank sheridan), who grants him absolution. using the address on a letter he found on the dead man's body, paul then travels to germany to find his family. as anti-french sentiment continues to permeate germany, dr. holderlin (lionel barrymore) initially refuses to welcome paul into his home, but changes his mind when his son's fiancée elsa identifies him as the man who has been leaving flowers on walter's grave. rather than reveal the real connection between them, paul tells the holderlin family he was a friend of their son, who attended the same musical conservatory he did. although the hostile townspeople and local gossips disapprove, the holderlins befriend paul, who finds himself falling in love with elsa (nancy carroll). when she shows paul her former fiancé's bedroom, he becomes distraught and tells her the truth. she convinces him not to confess to walter's parents, who have embraced him as their second son, and paul agrees to forego easing his conscience and stays with his adopted family. dr. holderlin presents walter's violin to paul, who plays it while elsa accompanies him on the piano.
corpus document272
the broken wing
in a small mexican town, captain innocencio (leo carrillo) pursues the beautiful lolita (lupe vélez). innocencio rules the town with an iron hand. although he calls lolita his "big love," her fortune teller assures her that another "king of hearts" awaits her, and will come in a storm. when pilot philip "phil" marvin (melvyn douglas), during a storm, is forced to land in lolita's garden, she is sure he is her true love. suffering from amnesia, philip falls in love with her. seeing the initials on his underwear, lolita calls him "bvd." when he sees him kissing lolita, in a jealous rage, innocencio arrests the pilot and even threatens to kill him. lolita's american guardian, luther farley (george barbier), an old friend of innocencio, threatens to call in government troops. moments before the pilot's execution, an american engineer, sylvester cross (willard robertson), recognizes the pilot as philip marvin, a prominent resident of los angeles. although it breaks lolita's heart, to save philip's life, cross tells him he is married and produces his own wife claiming she is his wife. philip, who for days, has been listening to the song of a whippoorwill suddenly recalls the opening bars of "over there" and his time as a fighter pilot in the war. with his memory back, he assures lolita he is not married. enraged, innocencio draws his revolver on philip but government troops arrive to arrest him. lolita and philip leave in an aircraft, but innocencio escapes from prison, shouting that danger is more fun than love.
corpus document273
business and pleasure
earl tinker (will rogers) goes on a mediterranean cruise and finds that a business rival has a femme fatale in pursuit.
corpus document274
but the flesh is weak
max clement and his father florian, short of money, take advantage of wealthy british women by romancing them. max's problem is that he is far more attracted to more attractive women, ones without the means to support him. while seeing a pleasant but plain lady joan culver socially, max is introduced to austrian widow rosine brown, quickly falling in love with her. max is persistent in his romantic advances, but rosine reveals that she is penniless and, much like max, counting on a richer but less exciting man, sir george kelvin, to marry and take care of her. florian's gambling losses in the casino leave him heavily in debt. the only way max knows how to aid his father is by marrying lady joan, who can afford to solve his financial difficulties. max's guilty conscience and true love lead him back to rosine, and the sudden engagement of florian to a wealthy woman helps bring everyone together.
corpus document275
the cabin in the cotton
marvin blake is a sharecropper's son who wants to better himself by continued schooling instead of working in the fields under the heat in the deep south. initially, greedy planter lane norwood is opposed to the idea and says he needs to work in his fields, but after the sudden death of his over-worked father, he grudgingly helps blake achieve his goal and gives the young man a job as a bookkeeper when his vampish daughter madge intercedes on his behalf. blake uncovers irregularities in norwood's accounts and soon finds himself embroiled in a battle between management and workers and torn between the seductive madge and his longtime sweetheart betty wright.
corpus document276
call her savage
a wild young woman, nasa springer (clara bow), born and raised in texas by well-to-do parents, rebels against her father. she is sent to school in chicago, where her disruptive behavior marks her as a troublemaker. she marries a rich playboy, who then declares the marriage a ploy and abandons her. she is renounced by her father, who tells her he never wishes to see her again. she discovers she is pregnant and bears a child. reduced to poverty, she moves into a boardinghouse with her infant, and struggles to pay for the baby's basic needs. unaware that her grandfather in texas has died and left her a $100,000 fortune, a desperate nasa dresses up as a prostitute and goes out in the neighborhood hoping to earn some quick cash to purchase medicine for her child. while she is out, a drunken lout at the boardinghouse drops a match and accidentally sets the building on fire. nasa's infant is killed in the blaze. upon learning that her mother is dying, she hurries home to texas. there she learns that she is a so-called "half-breed", half white and half indian. the assertion is made that this explains why she had always been "untameable and wild." this knowledge of her lineage would supposedly allow her the possibility for happiness in the arms of a handsome young indian, named moonglow (gilbert roland), a longtime friend who has secretly loved her.
corpus document277
chandu the magician
for three years, frank chandler has studied eastern magic with the yogis in india and is now known by his new identity, chandu. he now has the power to teleport, astral project, mesmerize, as well as project illusions. with these supernatural abilities he has been entrusted by his teacher to "go forth with his youth and strength to conquer the evil that threatens mankind." chandu is sent to egypt to deal with an egyptian megalomaniac known as roxor, played by bela lugosi. roxor kidnaps chandu's brother-in-law, robert regent, an inventor who has developed a death ray whose beams reach half way round the world. the evil roxor plots to use the ray to aid his plans for world domination. chandu must utilise all his psychic abilities to rescue his brother-in-law, and also his sister and their children, whom roxor has kidnapped in a plot to force regent into revealing the secrets of his death ray. chandu's sweetheart egyptian princess nadji is also kidnapped, leaving chandu with the quandary whom to rescue first. using his yogi abilities, chandu makes daring escapes, including one from a submerged sarcophagus. eventually he succeeds in rescuing everyone and mesmerizing roxor long enough to destroy both the death ray and the villain's entire lair.[citation needed][3]
corpus document278
charlie chan's chance
charlie chan is attending a police convention in new york city; he is an intended murder victim here, but avoids death by chance. to find his would-be-killer(s), charlie must outguess police reps from both scotland yard and new york city police.
corpus document279
cock of the air
parisian cabaret performer lilli de rousseau (billie dove), performing as jean d'arc on stage, is asked to leave the country by several diplomats as she is a distraction to high-ranking officers. she is set up with a villa in italy, and captain tonnino (luis alberni) as her guardian. lilli is also smitten by lieutenant roger craig (chester morris) who has a reputation as a "don juan". she keeps her identity a secret from roger, and begins to woo him, but remains elusive. when her understudy in paris begins getting accolades, lilli presses roger to take her there for a drink at the ritz, although she has been forbidden to return. roger risks arrest and his military career to fly her and his mechanic, terry (matt moore), to paris. after a night on the town, roger is afraid he will be picked up by the mps, as he is absent without leave. terry is arrested for disorderly conduct and impersonating an officer, but is released and learns that the mps will also drop charges against roger. lilli performs again as jean d'arc and tells roger to join her at the theater. after she receives an ovation, she admits she promised to return to italy in exchange for keeping roger out of jail, and accepts roger's marriage proposal.
corpus document280
come on danger!
jim madden, a texas ranger, is gunned down while investigating the murder of a local rancher. his younger brother, larry, vows to track down the suspected killer, another rancher named joan stanton. while looking into the murders, he stumbles on a battle between stanton, and a group of men working for another rancher, frank sanderson. rescuing stanton from the altercation, he keeps his identity as a ranger secret, while attempting to learn the truth of what is going on. through talks with stanton, madden learns that sanderson has been setting her up for both the murder of the other rancher, and jim's death. convinced by stanton's story, madden tells stanton she must turn herself in, and she agrees. before they can reach the rangers, they are captured by sanderson's men. sanderson plans to kill madden, and take stanton to mexico. with the help of rangers' cook, rusty, as well as several of stanton's men, madden overcomes sanderson and his men, and takes a vindicated stanton back to the rangers.
corpus document281
the conquerors
the film begins in a prospering new york in 1873. lowly bank clerk roger standish is fired from his job after he is caught courting caroline ogden, the daughter of the bank’s president. the failure of ogden’s bank in the panic of 1873 brings about her father’s collapse and death. undismayed, caroline offers to marry roger and proposes that they travel west in search of new opportunities. while traveling through nebraska on a raft roger is shot during the course of a robbery by a gang. taken to the nearby town of fort allen, he is operated on successfully by the town's doctor, dan l. blake, who though a drunkard proves competent. as roger recovers, caroline is inspired by the town’s generosity to them to open a bank there. with the help of blake and his wife, standish bank is an instant success, and caroline soon gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl. as fort allen prospers, the possibility of being bypassed by the railroad threatens its growth. roger and caroline succeed in convincing the railroad's president to include fort allen on the route, by the arrival of the first train is marred by the death of their son after an inebriated doc blake crashes the carriage in which they were riding at a crossing right in the train’s path. though they mourn their loss, roger and caroline’s daughter grows into a beautiful young woman, who marries warren lennox, one of the employees in standish's bank. the prosperous times come to an end with the depression of the 1890s. overextended because of poor judgement by roger’s son-in-law, the standish national bank is forced to close because of a run on its deposits. lennox commits suicide just as roger’s grandchild, roger standish lennox, is born. the young boy grows up in a world of technological marvels, and after america’s entry into world war i becomes a decorated fighter pilot. while watching him in a victory parade after the armistice, however, caroline dies. the decade that follows is one of great growth. the standish national bank, having survived the hard times of the 1890s, is thriving once again under lennox’s management. when the stock market crash of 1929 brings the good times to an end, however, lennox approaches the now-elderly standish to sign papers dissolving his multimillion-dollar trust fund so that lennox can put the money into the bank. as standish signs the papers, lennox expresses his optimism that the country would recover and reach new heights, filling his grandfather with pride at both lennox’s responsibility and his faith in america’s future.
corpus document282
cowboy counsellor
dan alton (hoot gibson) is a con artist, posing as a lawyer in order to sell copies of a phony law book. when bill clary (jack rutherford) robs a stagecoach, and plants some of the stolen money at the ranch of luke avery (fred gilman), avery's sister beautiful sister ruth (sheila bromley) ropes an instantly smitten alton into being avery's defense attorney. as part of his strategy to defend avery, alton plans to pull off another stagecoach robbery.
corpus document283
the crash
linda gault comes from a poverty-stricken family and is determined never to be poor again. she is now a philandering elitist who casually seduces men for their money. her stockbroker husband geoffrey has found out about his wife's infidelities, and encouraging her to collect investment recommendations from her latest lover, high profile financier john fair. linda is unamused with her husband's desire, claiming that finances have killed their loving marriage. nevertheless, she does as her husband asks, and afterwards feels ashamed about it. having tired of fair, she breaks off their affair. unaware of this, geoffrey insists she get the latest inside information from fair, as the stock market is behaving very strangely. suspicious of linda's rapid about face, fair refuses to tell her anything. not wanting to admit that she was unable to charm her ex-lover, linda lies to her husband, telling him the market will rise. as a result, geoffry loses all of his money in the wall street crash of 1929. unwilling to deal with being impoverished, linda persuades her husband to pay for her extended stay in bermuda, using some of the money he needs to try to recover. there, she is romanced by ronnie sanderson, an australian sheep rancher. ronnie proposes that linda live with him in australia, but she hesitates to, feeling australia has nothing to offer her. however, when she learns about her husband having become broke, she is eager to profit from ronnie in every way possible. ronnie finds out about linda's financial motivation and loses interest in her. linda is able to manipulate ronnie into falling for her and he expresses his interest in marrying her if she first returns to new york city to divorce her husband. once in new york and announcing the divorce, geoffrey reacts in laughter, telling her she will never marry a sheep rancher. meanwhile, linda's maid celeste steals linda's jewelry to save her boyfriend arthur from jail. linda now realizes she is completely broke and lands a job as a clothing store's clerk. she is surprised by a visit from ronnie, who insists on taking her to australia immediately. geoffrey, who is not willing to let go his wife, warns ronnie about linda's spoiled character, but ronnie does not feel threatened. on the evening linda is leaving, geoffrey confronts fair with losing all of his money because of fair's supposed statement to linda. they initially quarrel, but in the end, geoffrey receives some of the money he lost as a loan. back home, he receives a visit from linda, who has come to say goodbye. they realize the faults they have made in the past and are reconciled. linda tears up fair's check.
corpus document284
crooner
teddy taylor is the leader of ted taylor's collegians. one night, his usual singer can't sing. he decides to try out singing. however, his voice can't be heard over the band. a dancer stops and jokes with him by handing him a megaphone. taylor sings through it, and he is heard. the ladies are enamored with his soft voice while the men are disgusted. taylor becomes a big star over night, but his ego becomes inflated. things come to a head when taylor loses his temper and punches a heckler in the audience, who he didn't realize was a cripple. shunned, he loses his girlfriend, his band, his fame, and his dignity. in the final scene, as a drunk and unhappy peter sturgis, who promoted teddy taylor into a singing star and gave up his fiancee judy mason to him, continues to drink heavily in a speakeasy, an announcer on the speakeasy's radio proclaims, "…and now, it is our great privilege to bring to you the new sensation of the air, bang busby, who will croon for you in his inimitable manner, 'sweethearts forever'". as the song, which had already been sung a number of times by teddy taylor, begins to be heard, sturgis grabs a bottle and hurls it at the radio, breaking it.
corpus document285
the crowd roars
motor racing champion joe greer (james cagney) returns home to compete in an exhibition race featuring his younger brother eddie, who has aspirations of becoming a champion. joe's misogynistic obsession with "protecting" eddie (eric linden) from "women" causes joe to interfere with eddie's relationship with anne (joan blondell), leading to estrangement between joe and eddie, and between joe and his longtime girlfriend lee (ann dvorak), who is made to feel "not good enough" to be around eddie. during the race, a third driver, spud connors (frank mchugh), wrecks and is burned alive. driving lap after lap through the flames and the smell of burning flesh (and maybe past the burning body) while blaming himself for the accident, joe loses his will to race. eddie goes on to win. afterward, joe's career plummets as eddie's rises. the power of love eventually triumphs and joe's career and his relationships with lee and eddie are rehabilitated.
corpus document286
the crusader
a pushy newspaper reporter eddie crane (ned sparks) schemes to get rid of crusading district attorney phillip brandon (h. b. warner). complicating matters is the sordid past of brandon's wife tess (evelyn brent) as well as his sister marcia's affair with a gangster.
corpus document287
cynara
in naples, disgraced london barrister james "jim" warlock (ronald colman) prepares to part from his beloved wife clemency (kay francis) and start anew in south africa. when she asks him to explain the events leading to his downfall, a flashback ensues. hardworking, successful and deeply in love, jim is looking forward to his seventh wedding anniversary. he is crestfallen when clemency informs him that she has to take her sister garla to venice for a month to get her away from a parachute jumper, the latest in a string of unsuitable men with whom she has fallen in love. while the women are away, john tring (henry stephenson) takes his friend out to dine. at the restaurant, young shopgirl doris lea (phyllis barry) in the next booth puts on jim's bowler hat on a dare by her friend and flatmate milly miles. tring is enchanted and persuades the reluctant jim to join the girls. doris takes a great liking to jim, and gives him her address. afterward, however, he tears up the slip of paper. tring has other ideas. he arranges for jim to judge a swimsuit contest and informs doris, who becomes a contestant. jim names her the winner. when she slips and injures her ankle, he picks her up and takes her back to her flat. there, though he warns her that he is married and that nothing good can come of their relationship, she tells him that she will not cause trouble when he wishes to end it. they embark on an idyllic affair. when clemency, garla and garla's new italian fiancé finally return, however, doris finds it impossible to give up the man she loves. finally, jim writes her a letter telling her he cannot see her anymore. she responds by committing suicide. the letter is found, and jim is forced to testify at an inquest. when the coroner (halliwell hobbes) asks if she had any prior relationships, jim refuses to answer, even though she told him of an earlier one, to protect her privacy. though jim is guilty of no criminal offence, the scandal destroys his promising career. the flashback ends. after jim leaves to board his ocean liner, tring comes to talk to clemency. while he accepts a share of the blame for what happened, he reminds clemency that she may never see her husband again. she rushes to the ship to accompany jim.
corpus document288
dancers in the dark
the story takes place at a downtown dance hall in which duke taylor is the band leader, gloria bishop the singer, floyd stevens the saxophonist and louie brooks a local gangster and regular patron. gloria has a "past" with both duke and louie but as the film opens is falling for floyd. floyd is steady and true but might not be if he knew more about her romantic history. duke thinks gloria is not good enough for floyd who he treats as a brother. louie is interested in having her back but not as much as he wants to rob premises upstairs from the dance hall. floyd proposes to gloria; she accepts but is worried about her past and puts him off. duke manoeuvres him out of town for a few months and sets about luring gloria back to him to expose her shallow nature. the ploy fails because he starts to fall in love with her as well. in the meantime the robbery takes place (off screen) and louie kills someone but isn't caught. floyd comes back and after a rapid sequence of misunderstandings and the arrival of the police looking for louie everything works out nicely.
corpus document289
daring danger
tim madigan (tim mccoy), a cowboy coming to the aid of gerry norris (alberta vaughn), whose father (murdock macquarrie) is in trouble with a gang of cattle rustlers. the leaders of the rustlers, hugo distang (robert ellis) and bull bagley (richard alexander), prove to be the very same villains madigan was trailing.[2]
corpus document290
the death kiss
during the filming of a death scene of the death kiss, leading man myles brent is really shot and killed. tonart studios manager joseph steiner (lugosi) is assigned to handle the situation. the studio wants to pass it off as a simple accident, but screenwriter franklyn drew (manners) digs a bullet out of a wall and tells homicide detective lieutenant sheehan that it is a .38 caliber, while the guns used in the film are all .45s. sheehan finds a letter in the dead man's pocket, in which brent wrote to his lawyer that marcia lane (ames), his co-star and ex-wife, would not sign a release as beneficiary of his $200,000 life insurance policy. chalmers, an alcoholic extra with a self-admitted grudge against brent for getting him fired as head gaffer (electrician), is spotted trying to dispose of a loaded .38, but drew points out that the gun has not been fired. drew suggests they view the footage of the fatal scene for clues, but somebody knocks out the projectionist and burns the print using a cigarette with rouge on it. it is a special rouge normally used by only two women. one was away on location, making lane the prime suspect. before another print can be made, the negative is destroyed with acid. while snooping around on the set, drew finds a derringer mounted inside a lamp and electrically wired to be fired remotely, but he is knocked out and the gun taken. he goes to question chalmers, but finds him dead beside a glass of poison and a written confession. however, drew finds several clues that make him suspicious. through more detective work, he discovers that the new battery of lane's car is dry, and battery fluid is poisonous. meanwhile, goldsmith comes to see lane; she rejects his advances once again. in brent's dressing room, drew finds a letter from a love-stricken married woman named "agnes" and a hotel room key. later, in steiner's office, sheehan takes lane into custody; drew spots a photo of a woman on the desk; the inscription reveals that steiner's wife is named agnes. when drew goes to the hotel, he finds out from a bellhop that brent had been there with a woman; her husband was waiting, and the two men got into a fight. the studio decides to finish the film (only the last, fatal scene needs to be shot), using a double for brent and arranging for lane's temporary release. drew finds out from the prop man that the guns were originally supposed to be .38s, but he made an unauthorized substitution. drew takes him to sheehan. just as he is about to reveal who ordered the guns, the lights go out. (the murderer had overheard the conversation through a studio microphone.) after a gunfight and chase, the killer falls to his death. it is avery, the director.
corpus document291
the dentist
fields plays a hot-tempered dentist who terrorizes his patients, who verbally/physically abuses his assistants and golfing-caddies alike, and whose daughter desires to marry an ice-delivery man. fields disapproves of this match, especially after the starry-eyed daughter attempts to elope with her lover. fields locks his daughter in her upstairs bedroom which is located above his dental office, where she proceeds to stamp her feet, causing plaster chunks to fall as he attempts to treat his patients. various patients with unusual physical traits (a tall "horse"-faced woman, a tiny, heavily-bearded man [fields is obliged to use a stethoscope to locate the man's mouth]) arrive at the office, and he attempts to use his dental drill on them without any apparent pain killer. with one of his patients (elise cavanna), he engages in an intimate wrestling match as he attempts to extract a painful tooth. eventually the ice-delivery man procures a tall ladder and aids the dentist's daughter to escape from her dormitory window. fields observes the lovers just as they are prepared to run off, and --- under pressure from the sizable crowd that has gathered at the foot of the ladder --- grudgingly withdraws his opposition to the match. the film ends with fields --- who had previously threatened to purchase an electric refrigerator instead of ordering ice each day --- contemptuously ordering his now-future-son-in-law to "deliver ten pounds of ice, and be quick about it", prompting the daughter to joyfully embrace her fiance.
corpus document292
devil and the deep
charles sturm (laughton) is a naval commander whose jealousy and abuse makes life miserable for his wife diana (bankhead). his suspicions fall on his own subordinate, lieutenant jaeckel (grant). although his suspicions are baseless, sturm has jaeckel transferred. after charles falls into another fit of paranoid rage and strikes diana, she wanders off into the streets during a festival and soon encounters another officer, who turns out to be jaeckel's replacement, lieutenant sempter (cooper). learning of their affair, which this time is real not imagined, charles plots a terrible revenge. on the night commander sturm's submarine is to sail, diana goes aboard to warn sempter of sturm's dangerous frame of mind. but when sturm arrives, he immediately orders the sub out to sea before diana can return to shore. in the busy channel outside the harbor, sturm deliberately maneuvers into the path of an oncoming ship, which rams and sinks the sub. several compartments are flooded, but the crews are able to get out in time. trapped on the bottom, the survivors gather in the control room; sempter and sturm square off, asserting command, while diana exposes sturm's madness. sempter takes control and organizes the crew's escape. in a detailed and substantially accurate technical sequence, diana and the crew exit through the sub's escape trunk using momsen lungs, and are rescued at the surface. refusing to leave the ship, sturm stays behind and lapses into raving insanity; he opens a watertight door to let in the sea, laughing maniacally as the water rises.[1] afterwards, cleared of most charges by a court martial, sempter encounters diana again in a shop on the street. soon it begins to rain, and they depart in a cab together.
corpus document293
the devil is driving
orville "gabby" denton is an alcoholic drifter with a chronic gambling problem. despite his flaws he is beloved by his family. gabby's brother-in-law beef gets gabby work as a mechanic at the metropolitan garage. the shop is a front to a stolen car ring. his brother-in-law beef, who is otherwise honest, is aware of this. one day, gabby is sent to pick up silver, jenkins's girl friend, whose car has broken down. both gabby and silver start a relationship, after which silver leaves jenkins. during a getaway one of car thieves hits gabby's nephew buddy, who is in the street driving a toy car. the driver makes it to the garage, and buddy receives treatment at a hospital. a witness points out the car to gabby, and he understands it's the car that drove into the garage to be repainted. he investigates and discovers a piece of buddy's little car in the wheel of the stolen car. when he confronts beef, beef gets drunk and confronts jenkins and the head of the stolen car ring. they kill beef, making his death look accidental. photographer bill jones gives gabby a photograph of beef in the car before the accident, which shows beef was already dead. silver and gabby confront jenkins. the criminals drive away, but die in a car crash. with the hoodlums out of the way, gabby marries silver.
corpus document294
devil's lottery
in england a group of sweepstakes winners are invited to a weekend party at a lavish country estate. murder, heartbreak, and betrayal soon follow.
corpus document295
discarded lovers
discarded lovers is a murder mystery. early in the film a blonde bombshell movie star is murdered and her body is found in a car. she had just finished doing the last and final scenes in a film. irma gladden was a sexy blonde bombshell who was having many tangled romantic affairs. she was loose and easy. in solving the murder there are the usual friends, police, reporters and employees who administer their help to the police captain and the police sergeant. in this whodunit suspects abound and include irma’s husband, a jealous wife, a boy friend and an ex-husband.
corpus document296
disorderly conduct
the movie stars spencer tracy as a policeman who becomes involved with a young woman (sally eilers) after clashing with her politician father (ralph morgan).
corpus document297
doctor x
reporter lee taylor (lee tracy) is investigating a series of pathological murders that have taken place over a series of months in new york city. the murders always take place at night, under the light of a full moon (the newspapers dubbing them the "moon killer murders"). furthermore, each body has been cannibalized after the murder has taken place. witnesses to the events describe a horribly disfigured "monster" as the killer. doctor xavier (lionel atwill) is called in for his medical opinion, but it is learned through meeting with the police that the ulterior motive behind this is to begin an investigation of xavier's medical academy, as the scalpel used to cannibalize the bodies of the victims was exclusive to that institution. aside from xavier, the other suspects are: wells (preston foster), an amputee who has made a study of cannibalism; haines (john wray), who displays a sexual perversion with voyeurism; duke (harry beresford), a grouchy loudmouth cripple; and rowitz (arthur edmund carewe), who is conducting studies of the psychological effects of the moon (rowitz also displays a notable scar on one side of his face). it is learned that haines and rowitz were stranded in a boat with another man, and that while they claimed he had died and they had thrown him overboard, it was suspected that they had, in fact, cannibalized him. the police give xavier 48 hours to apprehend the killer in his own way. during this time, taylor investigates the doctor's intentions and in the process, meets joan xavier (fay wray), the doctor's daughter. joan is exceedingly cold to taylor, particularly after finding out that it was his story that pointed a finger at her father and ruined his first attempt at locating the killer. taylor, however, manages to find a romantic interest in joan before being escorted out. he is then walking out of the house as the maid dumps ice water on him. the setting switches to xavier's beach-side estate on long island. there, all of the suspects are brought in for an unorthodox examination of their guilt: each member (excluding wells, because it is known that the killer has two hands and he has but one) is connected to an electrical system that records their heart rate. when a re-enactment of the murder of a cleaning woman appears before them, the detector will expose the guilty man who will have no choice but to confess. dr. xavier's butler and maid, otto (george rosener) and mamie (leila bennett), carry out the reenactment. things go awry, however, when a number of events inhibit the experiment. first, taylor breaks into the home and hides in a storage closet, but is rendered unconscious by gas that the killer puts in the room. during the experiment, a blackout occurs. wells, in another room controlling the equipment, appears to fall through a glass door. when power is regained, it is discovered that rowitz, whose monitor supposedly revealed him as the guilty party just before the blackout, has been murdered, a victim of a scalpel to the base of the brain. taylor is discovered by the staff and xavier has no choice but to keep him there until the investigation is over, lest he report back to his paper. joan decides to be friendly to taylor, as she sees that he is the only one with enough intuition to solve the crime. later that night, it is discovered that during these hours, rowitz's body has been cannibalized. the following evening, the police allow xavier an extension till midnight to apprehend the killer. xavier again asks otto and mamie to re-enact another of the murders. mamie is too frightened and ill to play her part, so joan takes mamie's place. all of the men, save for wells, are this time handcuffed to their seats. it is during this that we find out that it is, in fact, wells who is the killer. as his "guests" are all handcuffed and helpless, he is free to explain. through a "synthetic flesh" composition that he himself has created, wells has been creating artificial limbs and a horrific mask to carry out his crimes in order to collect living samples of human flesh for his experiments. it turns out at first for years he had been searching for a secret manufactured flesh and eventually finds it; so, he went to africa one time, not to study cannibalism, but to get samples of the human flesh the natives eat. to collect his final victim, wells sneaks up on otto and strangles him. then, he proceeds to reveal himself and his intentions for collecting joan as his specimen in front of everyone. just as wells is about to strangle joan, taylor — posing as one of a series of wax figures representing the killer's victims — jumps wells and the two men get into a scuffle. as wells lunges towards taylor, taylor grabs a kerosene lamp and hurls it at wells. set on fire, wells stumbles and crashes out a window and falls down a cliff into the ocean. reporting his story into the paper, taylor tells his editor to make space in the marriage section for joan and himself.
corpus document298
downstairs
the film opens with baron von burgen's head butler albert marrying the young maid, anna, on the baron's austrian estate. during the ceremony, newly hired chauffeur karl schneider arrives, and soon finds an old acquaintance - a former lover - countess de marnac, who appears displeased with karl mixing with her elite friends. that night, when françois, one of the butlers, gets too drunk to work, albert is summoned to take over his shift. anna, now unaccompanied, is visited by karl, who wins over her sympathy by telling her about his unfortunate childhood. one day, karl drives the baroness eloise to vienna for shopping purposes. she has him drop her off at her town apartment which she keeps for her visits from her boyfriend. when they return home, eloise claims that they were in an accident, but albert does not believe her. he asks karl about it, and brushes off karl's attempt to tell the truth but instead reminding him to remain loyal to their employers. he reminds him of his social position, and warns him to never interfere with the upper-class people. even though karl agrees with albert's advice, he jumps his chances to seduce anna, who he soon concludes is very naive and easy manipulable. he tries to kiss her, but she slaps him and warns him never to try again. as albert returns to the room, karl decides to leave to avoid a remorseful situation, and goes to his room to find the cook sophie, waiting for him. after a brief flirtation, she spends the night. the next day, karl insults sophie and lies about being the illegitimate son of royalty in order to extort money from her. he next uses a jewel he has found from eloise the day before in the car to gain respect from anna, though she is disgusted by what he has done to sophie and rejects it. he pins the jewel on her crucifix necklace anyway, and eloise soon recognizes it as her own. when she accuses anna of stealing, karl comes to the rescue, claiming the jewel to be his own, winning back anna's sympathy. eloise recognizes this as blackmail because karl knows she has a lover she meets at the apartment. eloise later discusses the matter with the baron, and albert overhears her saying that karl and anna are involved in an affair. eloise, who is excited about the scandal, arranges for them to have some privacy together on a fishing trip, but at the last minute the baron demands that albert come along. albert then confronts karl, warning him to stay away from anna. karl and anna stay behind, and he again jumps his chances by taking her to a pub. they grow close, until she finds out that he has arranged a room for the two to stay in. disgusted at his intentions, she leaves. karl follows her to her room, and claims that he only lied to and deceived her because he is very much in love with her. vulnerable to his words, anna becomes worried when he announces that he will leave the mansion. karl notices this and kisses her passionately as a goodbye. they end up spending the night together. as soon as albert returns from the trip, he fires karl for a plausible reason and then unleashes his frustration on anna by criticizing her appearance. anna, in tears, blames him for having driven her to seek affection with another man. karl, meanwhile, blackmails the baroness into reinstalling him as a chauffeur. albert feels humiliated and tells eloise that he will resign. eloise tries to stop him and, in tears, admits to being blackmailed. albert advises her to go to the police, but she tells him she can't, because her affair with him cannot go public. albert, who sympathizes with her, agrees to stay, and plans to destroy karl. that night, sophie, unhappy, offers karl all her savings in order to realize her dream of running away with him and opening their own shop. the next morning, karl, with sophie's savings, packs his bags to leave, and begs anna to join him. anna refuses, telling him that she is still in love with albert. they quarrel and are interrupted by albert, who starts a fight with karl in the cellar. they end up knocking over some old wine bottles, attracting attention from the baron. the baron thinks they are fighting over the wine and orders them to apologize to each other. as soon as the baron leaves, albert tells karl to get out of their lives, and they get into another fight when karl refuses. anna, afraid that one might kill the other, informs the baron about karl's many deceptions. the baron orders karl to leave, and congratulates albert for his courage and loyalty. karl leaves the scene, planning to scheme his way into another upper-class woman's life.
corpus document299
emma
inventor frederick smith's wife dies during the birth of their fourth baby, ronnie, leaving the family in the care of their faithful housekeeper emma. twenty years later, after smith's inventions have made the family rich, the affable ronnie, who is emma's favorite, arrives home from college, announcing that he wants to quit school and become a pilot. the other smith children, bill, gypsy and isabelle, have all grown into spoiled adults, but emma lovingly indulges them all, making excuses for their bad behavior to their father and everyone else. as emma leaves for her first vacation in thirty-two years with the family, the absent-minded frederick sadly takes her to the station. she gets cold feet and decides to stay home, but frederick won't let her and decides to go along with her to niagara falls. waiting for their train, frederick proposes and emma accepts, even though she is afraid that people will talk. when the children learn about the marriage, ronnie is happy for them, but the other children are embarrassed by the blot on their social record. on their honeymoon, as the happy frederick and emma row on the lake, they are teased by some young vacationers, prompting frederick to take the oars from emma. the exertion causes a mild heart attack and they return home. as the contented frederick listens to emma sing to him, he dies, and a short time later, the family learns that he has left his entire estate to emma. though emma wants to give the money back to the children, all of them except ronnie turn on her and threaten to prove that their father was crazy when he wrote the will. emma throws them out and awaits the lawsuit they threaten while the loyal ronnie goes to canada for a flying assignment. because the will cannot be broken, the children go to the district attorney to have him bring murder charges against emma, using distorted testimony by mathilda, the maid. when ronnie hears about the trial, he desperately flies east to help emma but is killed while flying through a dangerous storm. even though her life is in peril, she won't allow her kind attorney, haskins, to defame the character or motives of the children. her emotional plea for them in court results in her acquittal, but emma's relief is ruined when she learns of ronnie's death. a short time later, emma gives all of the money to the children, telling haskins that she hopes that now they will think better of her. after she sadly views ronnie's body, isabell, bill and gypsy beg her forgiveness and want her to stay with them, but she refuses, saying that her work with them is finished, but no matter what happens or where they all are, they will still belong to each other. at a new position, emma happily attends a doctor's large family and is pleased when the wife agrees to name her new baby ronnie at emma's request.
corpus document300
evenings for sale
impoverished count von dopenthal (marshall) plans to commit suicide and spends his last night at a costume ball. there he meets lovely lela fischer (maritza) and falls in love with her. a chance meeting with his former butler, brings a job offer as a gigolo.
corpus document301
faithless
spoiled socialite carol morgan (bankhead), romping through the depression with her lavish lifestyle, breaks off her engagement with bill wade (montgomery) over her refusal to live by his comparatively modest salary rather than her own wealth. to make matters worse, she expresses scorn for his career. an unplanned sexual encounter seems to resolve their differences until carol refuses bill's offer for an expedited city hall wedding, and again they are unable to come to terms. the impasse ends with bill leaving town. when carol loses everything, she tentatively reconciles with bill only to find that he has lost his job on the same day. this breaks the engagement again, much to the disgust of bill's younger brother tony, who condemns her as a "courtesan" and predicts that she will wind up "in the streets". the forgiving and tolerant bill responds that she is a good person who just doesn't know it yet. carol finds herself living off wealthy social climbers and borrowing money from them, until the prestige formerly associated with her name is dissipated. she then becomes the mistress of a man whose wife had tried to evict her as a disgraced house guest, thus fulfilling part of tony's cynical prediction. bill traces carol to the house and finds her in this humiliating position before being asked to leave. carol then leaves voluntarily, telling her former patron that if she can't win bill's forgiveness, she can at least seek her own. carol starves and narrowly avoids homelessness as she looks unsuccessfully for work, and is near collapse when bill finds her again and asks her once more to marry him, telling her that the past is done and the slate is clean between them. bill is now a truck driver, but the company that employs him folds, leaving him jobless again. the newlyweds struggle through more hard times until bill is offered a driving job as a strikebreaker. he is threatened by strikers when he shows up for work, and his truck is ambushed and wrecked by them as he attempts to begin work on his first day. with bill severely injured, carol is forced into prostitution in order to pay medical bills and nurse him back to health. she accidentally solicits tony as he arrives in town, much to his disgust and carol's humiliation. a policeman arrests her but takes pity on her and helps her into a job as a waitress by strong-arming the owner of a small diner. bill is just on his feet again when his brother tony arrives for a visit, with news that his prediction for carol had been fulfilled, which he delivers with great contempt before learning to his shock that carol has indeed become his sister-in-law. carol arrives in the aftermath of this revelation, and tells bill that she had intended to confess and then leave as soon as he was well again, adding that she would do it all again. after a moment of sadness, bill embraces carol and thanks her for saving his life, wiping the slate clean again.
corpus document302
a farewell to arms
on the italian front during world war i, frederic henry (gary cooper), an american serving as an ambulance driver in the italian army, delivers some wounded soldiers to a hospital. there he meets his friend, italian major rinaldi (adolphe menjou), a doctor. they go out carousing, but are interrupted by a bombing raid. frederic and english red cross nurse catherine barkley (helen hayes) take shelter in the same place. the somewhat drunk frederic makes a poor first impression. rinaldi persuades frederic to go on a double romantic date with him and two nurses, catherine and her friend helen ferguson (mary philips). however, rinaldi becomes annoyed when frederic prefers catherine, the woman the major had chosen for himself. away by themselves, frederic learns that she was engaged to a soldier who was killed in battle. in the darkness, he romantically seduces her, over her half-hearted resistance, and is surprised to discover she is a virgin. their romantic relationship (forbidden by army regulation) is discovered. at rinaldi's suggestion, catherine is transferred to milan. when frederick is wounded by artillery, he finds himself in the hospital where catherine now works. they continue their affair until he is sent back to the war. now pregnant, catherine runs away to switzerland, but her many letters to her beloved sweetheart/lover are intercepted by rinaldi, who feels he needs to rescue his friend from the romantic entanglement. meanwhile, frederic's letters to her are sent to the hospital which she has abandoned. after a time, frederic cannot stand being away from catherine any longer. he deserts his post and heads out in search of her. returning first to the hospital in milan, he attempts to convince the reluctant ferguson to reveal catherine's whereabouts to him. displaying animosity toward frederic, all she reveals finally is that catherine has left and is pregnant with frederic's child. rinaldi visits him at the hotel where he is hiding, and, upon hearing of catherine's pregnancy, out of remorse for having interfered with their correspondence, tells frederic where she is living. he rows across a lake to her. meanwhile, catherine is delighted when she is told she has finally received some mail, but faints when she is given all of her romantic love letters, marked "return to sender". she is taken to the hospital, where her child is delivered stillborn. she herself is in grave danger. frederic arrives, and just as an armistice between italy and austria-hungary is announced, catherine tragically dies, with him at her side.
corpus document303
fast life
two people leave the us navy after having served ten years as a sailor. sandy is one of them and later invents a carburetor that should increase the speed that powered boats will run. when testing it, he accidentally sinks a boat and has to pay for it. now he is broke and enters a boat contest. to win, he has to invent the fastest boat in the world.
corpus document304
flowers and trees
during spring the flowers, mushrooms, and trees do their calisthenics. some trees play a tune, using vines for harp strings and a chorus of robins. a fight breaks out between a grouchy-looking hollow tree and a younger, healthier tree for the attentions of a female tree. the young tree emerges victorious, but the hollow tree retaliates by starting a fire. the plants and animals try to extinguish or evade the blaze. by poking holes in clouds and making it rain, the birds manage to put out the fire, although the hollow tree perishes in the flames. the young tree then proposes to the female tree, with a caterpillar serving as a ring, and they embrace as a rainbow forms behind them.
corpus document305
forbidden
librarian lulu smith shows up late to work for the first time in eight years—the victim of spring fever. frustrated by her loneliness, she withdraws her life savings and buys a ticket for a romantic cruise to havana—the "land of romance". on the ship, she meets bob grover, a lawyer with political ambitions, who mistook her room 66 for his room 99 after a few too many drinks. they have dinner together, and soon they develop a romantic attraction. in havana, they spend their time together gambling and having fun. when he asks why she came to havana, she answers, "to meet you". after they return, lulu takes a job as a clerical assistant for the daily record newspaper, where she is pursued by brash reporter al holland. but lulu is "sappy" over bob. a few months into their affair, bob comes to lulu's apartment for dinner, bringing two halloween masks with which they have fun. she is eager to reveal that she is pregnant with their child. their merriment is interrupted by a phone call from al, whose proposal to lulu prompts bob to confess that he is married to an invalid wife whom he cannot abandon. lulu wants to continue their affair, but bob refuses to let her waste her life on him. upset at his confession, lulu throws him out of her apartment without telling him that she is pregnant. a few months later, lulu gives birth to a baby girl. two years later, bob has become district attorney and al is now city editor of the newspaper. after bob hires a detective to find lulu, he comes to her apartment, where lulu introduces him to his daughter roberta. soon after, while lulu and roberta are waiting to meet bob, al suddenly appears and questions her about roberta. when bob arrives, lulu tells al that the baby is bob's adopted daughter in order to protect bob's reputation. she also tells al that she is the baby's governess. bob adopts roberta, taking her home the next day to present to his wife, helen, who just returned from a health cure in vienna. helen is delighted with the child but questions lulu's ability to care for the baby. lulu runs out, and when bob catches up with her, she tries to break up their relationship for good—but she cannot leave him. turning to al for a job, lulu becomes the "advice to the lovelorn" columnist for his newspaper. al tries to get information about bob and roberta in order to undermine bob's political career, but lulu refuses to say anything. years pass, and lulu follows bob's career as he becomes mayor, congressman, and eventually senator. she also follows her daughter becoming a beautiful debutante. lulu is still working at the newspaper for al, who has become managing editor. he still pursues her, but she remains in love with bob. on the night bob is nominated for governor, he comes to lulu's apartment, disheartened and ashamed of the hypocrisy of his secret life. when he threatens to confess the truth to the public, lulu talks him out of tearing down his career. the next day, lulu asks al to marry her in an effort to prevent bob from destroying his political life. on the night of bob's election, al reveals to lulu that he knows all about her, bob, and roberta. when she tries to retrieve a personal letter that he intercepted, al hits her across the face. faced with the threat of bob's destruction, lulu shoots al dead to prevent him from publishing the story. one year later, lulu receives a pardon from bob after serving a short jail term. she visits bob who is on his deathbed, and he shows her his new will, which reveals everything about their relationship and leaves her half of his estate. after he dies, however, lulu tears up the will in order to protect bob and their daughter roberta, who is engaged to be married.
corpus document306
freaks
the film opens with a sideshow barker drawing customers to visit the sideshow. a woman looks into a box to view a hidden occupant and screams. the barker explains that the horror in the box was once a beautiful and talented trapeze artist. the central story is of this conniving trapeze artist cleopatra, who seduces and marries sideshow midget hans after learning of his large inheritance. cleopatra conspires with circus strongman hercules to kill dwarf performer hans and inherit his wealth. at their wedding reception, cleopatra begins poisoning hans' wine. oblivious, the other "freaks" announce that they accept cleopatra in spite of her being a "normal" outsider: they hold an initiation ceremony in which they pass a massive goblet of wine around the table while chanting, "we accept her, we accept her. one of us, one of us. gooba-gobble, gooba-gobble". the ceremony frightens the drunken cleopatra, who accidentally reveals that she has been having an affair with hercules. she mocks the freaks, tosses the wine in their faces and drives them away. the humiliated hans realizes that he has been played for a fool and rejects cleopatra's attempts to apologize, but then he falls ill from the poison. while bedridden, hans pretends to apologize to cleopatra and also pretends to take the poisoned medicine that she is giving him, but he secretly plots with the other freaks to strike back at cleopatra and hercules. in the film's climax, the freaks attack the evil pair during a storm, wielding guns, knives, and other sharp-edged weapons. after trying to kill seal trainer venus and her clown boyfriend phroso for knowing about the plot, hercules is chased by the freaks in a storm and not seen again (the film's original ending had the freaks castrating him: the audience see him later singing in falsetto). as for cleopatra, she has become a grotesque, squawking "human duck". the flesh of her hands has been melted and deformed to look like duck feet, her legs have been cut off and what is left of her torso has been permanently tarred and feathered. she is the opening scene's cause for alarm. in a final scene mgm inserted later for a happier ending, hans is living a millionaire's life in a mansion. venus and phroso visit, bringing frieda, to whom hans had been engaged before meeting cleopatra. hans refuses to see them, but they force their way past his servant. frieda assures hans that she knows he tried to stop the others from exacting revenge. phroso and venus leave as frieda comforts hans when he starts to cry. interspersed between segments of the main narrative is a variety of "slice of life" segments detailing the romance between venus and phroso, as well as the lives of the sideshow performers, including:
corpus document307
frisco jenny
in 1906 san francisco, frisco jenny sandoval (ruth chatterton), a denizen of the notorious tenderloin district, wants to marry piano player dan mcallister (james murray), but her saloonkeeper father jim (robert emmett o'connor) is adamantly opposed to it. an earthquake kills both men and devastates the city. in the aftermath, jenny gives birth to a son, whom she names dan. with financial help from crooked lawyer steve dutton (louis calhern), who himself came from the tenderloin, she sets herself up in the vice trade, providing women on demand. jenny has one loyal friend, the chinese woman amah (helen jerome eddy), who helps take care of the baby. at a party in steve's honor, he catches gambler ed harris (an uncredited j. carrol naish) cheating him in a back room. in the ensuing struggle, steve kills him, with jenny the only eyewitness. the pair are unable to dispose of the body before it is found and are questioned by the police. however, neither is charged. the scandal forces jenny to temporarily give up her baby to a very respectable couple who owe steve a favor to keep the child from being taken away from her. after three years, she tries to take her son back, but the boy clings to the only mother he can remember, so she leaves him where he is. he grows up and goes to stanford university, where he becomes a football star, graduates with honors, and becomes first a lawyer, then an assistant district attorney. jenny lovingly follows his progress. meanwhile, she takes over the vice and bootlegging in the city. when dan runs for district attorney, his opponent is tom ford (an uncredited edwin maxwell), who does jenny's bidding. against her best interests, she frames ford so that dan can win. when steve tries to bribe dan to free some of his men, he is arrested. out on bail, steve asks jenny to blackmail dan into dropping the charges, but she refuses to jeopardize her son's future. in fact, she intends to retire to france with amah. when steve threatens to reveal that jenny is dan's real mother, she shoots and kills him at dan's office. she is quickly arrested and prosecuted by dan. refusing to defend herself, she is condemned to death by hanging. amah pleads with her to tell dan the truth in the hope that he can help her, but when he comes to see her, she remains silent.
corpus document308
the girl from calgary
a french-canadian girl is a champion bronc rider and is also a nightclub singer. an ambitious young man sees her act one night and is struck by her talent, realizing that she is good enough to become a broadway star. he convinces her to accompany him to new york, where she indeed does become a broadway star. however, the young man finds himself being squeezed out by greedy broadway producers who see the talented young girl as their own personal gold mine.
corpus document309
girl of the rio
south of the u.s. border, don josé tostado, a mexican cabellero, falls in love with dolores romero, a dance-hall girl. owning one of the larger ranches in the area, tostado is not used to people telling him no. when romero resists his advances, using a fictional boyfriend as her excuse, this only increases his interest in her, and his attempts to win her favor. as part of that attempt, he plans to throw a gala in her honor. meanwhile, romero falls for johnny powell, a dealer at a nearby casino. she confides in him that she has no interest in romero, but doesn't know how to get him to leave her alone. powell offers to take her away and get married. they make their plans, but before they can carry them out, tostado learns of them and hatches a plot of his own: he frames powell for a murder and has him arrested. when dolores hears that tostado has paid the jailer to kill johnny during an escape attempt, she makes a deal with tostado to give herself to him in exchange for johnny's life and freedom. tostado agrees. when johnny is freed, dolores makes it clear that she is no longer interested in him, and that she intends to marry tostado. dolores leaves with tostado, heading for his ranch. on the way, she attempts to commit suicide, but is stopped by tostado, who is startled to discover that she would rather be dead than be stuck with him for the rest of her life. when they arrive back at his hacienda, they are surprised by johnny, who fights tostado. when they police arrive, they arrest johnny, and are ready to execute him summarily, on tostado's orders. dolores intercedes on johnny's behalf, and her pleas have their desired effect. realizing that he's beaten, tostado calls off the police, and lets dolores leave with johnny.
corpus document310
gold
kramer (atchley) works the gold fields by buying up miners' claims and then having his henchmen murder them, taking both the money and the gold. when cowboy-turned-prospector jack tarrant's (hoxie) partner jeff sellers becomes the next victim to kramer's scam, tarrant decides to put an end to kramer's gang once and for all.
corpus document311
grand hotel
doctor otternschlag, a disfigured veteran of world war i and a permanent resident of the grand hotel in berlin, observes, "people coming, going. nothing ever happens" — after which a great deal transpires. baron felix von geigern, who squandered his fortune and supports himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief, befriends otto kringelein, a dying accountant who has decided to spend his remaining days in the lap of luxury. kringelein's former employer, industrialist general director preysing, is at the hotel to close an important deal, and he hires stenographer flaemmchen to assist him. she aspires to be an actress and shows preysing some magazine photos for which she posed, implying she is willing to offer him more than typing if he advances her career. another guest is russian ballerina grusinskaya, whose career is on the wane. when the baron is in her room to steal her jewelry and she returns from the theatre, he hides in her room and overhears as she talks to herself about wanting to end it all. he comes out of hiding and engages her in conversation, and grusinskaya finds herself attracted to him. the following morning, the baron returns grusinskaya's jewels, and she forgives his crime. she invites him to accompany her to vienna, an offer he accepts. the baron is desperate for money to pay his way out of the criminal group he had been working with. he and kringelein get a card game going, and kringelein wins everything, then becomes intoxicated. when he drops his wallet, the baron stashes it in his pocket, intending to keep the winnings. however, after kringelein begins to search for his lost belongings, the baron – who desperately needs the money but has become very fond of kringelein – pretends to have discovered the wallet and returns it to him. as part of a desperate merger plan, preysing must travel to london, and he asks flaemmchen to accompany him. later, when the two are in her room, which opens on to his, preysing sees the shadow of the baron rifling through his belongings. he confronts the baron; the two struggle, and preysing bludgeons the baron with the telephone, killing him. flaemmchen sees what happened and tells kringelein, who confronts preysing. he insists he acted in self-defense, but kringelein summons the police and preysing is arrested. grusinskaya departs for the train station, expecting to find the baron waiting for her there. meanwhile, kringelein offers to take care of flaemmchen, who suggests they seek a cure for his illness. as they leave the hotel, doctor otternschlag again observes, "grand hotel. always the same. people come. people go. nothing ever happens."
corpus document312
the greeks had a word for them
jean, polaire, and schatze are ex-showgirls who put their money together in order to rent a luxurious penthouse apartment. they are out to get wealthy boyfriends by dressing and acting like millionaires themselves. jean shows herself to be determined and ruthless, leaving the other girls behind. the other two are more sensitive and trustworthy but only one woman will be able to find a rich husband. which is she?
corpus document313
harlem is heaven
one evening on a sidewalk in harlem, jean stratton (anise boyer)—a young unemployed actress and dancer from west virginia—stands next to "the tree of hope", openly praying and imploring the legendary tree to help find her work. when she stops several passing men to ask how long she needs to stand under the tree to get a job, a nearby police officer thinks she is a soliciting prostitute, so he arrests her. a group of spectators gather around the officer and jean, including "money" johnson (james baskett), who gets the officer to release her. money is a local theater owner widely known in harlem. he is also a rackateer who specializes in "policy games" or gambling, as well as circulating phony investment schemes around new york, philadelphia, and in other cities. after the officer and others leave, money offers jean a job at his acme theatre, gives her some cash as an advance on her salary, and tells her to report to his office the following day. after meeting with jean at his theater the next day, money introduces her to bill (bill robinson), acme's star performer and director of its dance and other stage productions. at rehearsal jean also meets another performer, a handsome young actor and dancer named "chummy" walker (henri wessell). both chummy and bill are immediately smitten with jean even though she initially refers to them as her protective "big brothers". money, however, has his own plans to seduce her. following another rehearsal, money warns chummy that "miss stratton" is more than his protégée, declaring "she's my personal and private property". he then orders chummy to invite jean to a party in his office after that evening's show. the party will actually be an intimate dinner with just money. chummy warns jean of money's intentions, but she ignores him and goes to the office, where the theater boss forces himself on her. as she struggles to leave, bill enters the office, a fight ensues, and bill knocks out money. the next day bill and jean learn they have been fired. bill quickly gets a new job performing at a nearby nightclub owned by knobs moran (bob sawyer), money's bitter rival in both entertainment and crime. money now seeks revenge, especially against chummy for divulging his wanton plan to take advantage of jean. money therefore hatches another plan, one to get chummy imprisoned. he enlists him as the front man in marketing a bogus new hair-straightening product. money arranges the scam so he is not openly involved, while assuring chummy that the new product is genuine and will earn huge profits for everyone. initially successful selling the product, chummy is soon arrested and jailed for fraud after all the investors lose their money, including bill's close friend john "spider" mason, who had committed most of his life savings to the enterprise. while visiting the police station to see chummy, jean learns of money's role in devising the fraud, so she visits greta (alma smith), one of money's girlfriends who knows details about the scheme. after a brutal fight with greta, jean forces her to provide the district attorney with information proving money's guilt, which results in chummy's release from jail. spider then learns from newspaper reports that it was money, not chummy, who had concocted the phony investment. now seeking his own revenge for the loss of his money, spider confronts money in his office. after money tries to shoot him, spider uses a razor to kill the crime boss as he pleads for mercy. the story then ends in bill's apartment, where bill, his mother visiting from richmond, jean, and chummy have gathered. earlier, bill had realized that jean and chummy had fallen in love, so he urges them to get married before he cheerfully leaves the apartment to see another friend.
corpus document314
the hatchet man
wong low get (edward g. robinson) is the most highly respected hatchet man of his tong. having sworn total allegiance, he cannot turn down an order, even one to kill his best friend sun yat ming (j. carrol naish). his friend forgives him in advance of his execution, begging only that wong raise his daughter toya san (loretta young) as his own. wong does as he has sworn, but as she grows up, he falls in love with her. she marries him out of a sense of obligation, but a handsome younger gangster, harry en hai (leslie fenton), gets her to leave wong, disgracing him and leading to a shocking turn of events.
corpus document315
the heart of new york
the plumber mendel marantz, a passionate inventor, hasn't much luck and a family that doesn't understand him. he finally strikes it rich with a dishwashing machine he invented. he finds an investor, gassenheim, and begins to make his way up in the world. but mendel's troubles are not over; his family doesn't share his dream to become the landlord of the house where they live on new york's lower east side. they prefer to move uptown to park avenue and adapt to how rich people live. mendel's ideas for the house are not forgotten. the men he once told how he wished to transform the building take on the work of renovating it, with every detail he planned. neighbours and visitors come to see the house and the new, beautiful penthouse. his wife and his children are still in park avenue and when gassenheim stops paying royalties to mrs. marantz, she and the children come home, to find that mendel is close to losing everything.
corpus document316
hell's highway
the film centers around brutal conditions in a prison of the southern united states.
corpus document317
hell's house
when orphaned jimmy mason is taken in by his aunt emma and uncle henry, he meets their boarder, matt kelly, who impresses the young man with his boastful swagger and alleged political connections, although in reality he's a bootlegger. the boy's life is disrupted when, as one of kelly's hired hands, he refuses to identify his boss during a police raid and is sentenced to three years of hard labor in reform school, where he befriends a sickly boy named shorty, who eventually is sent to solitary confinement. when jimmy realizes his new pal is seriously ill and desperately needs medical attention, he escapes and goes to kelly and kelly's girl friend, peggy gardner, for help. peggy contacts newspaper columnist frank gebhardt, who is anxious to expose the conditions at the state industrial school. the authorities find jimmy at gebhardt's office, but before they can apprehend him kelly admits his involvement in the bootlegging operation and the boy is set free. he discovers shorty has died, victimized by a corrupt system.
corpus document318
heritage of the desert
based on the novel heritage of the desert by zane grey, the film is about a rancher whose spread includes the only way out of the valley where an outlaw is hiding a huge herd of stolen cattle. when the outlaw decides to challenge the rancher's claim to the land, the rancher stays one step ahead of him and hires a surveyor to remap and confirm the property lines.
corpus document319
high pressure
gar evans (william powell) agrees to promote ginsburg's product, artificial rubber created from sewage, only after his friend mike donahey (frank mchugh) assures him it is not a scam. gar is superstitious; he believes he will only succeed if his long-suffering girlfriend francine dale (evelyn brent) joins them on the venture. she, however, has given up on him, especially since he left her five days before to pick up something, and never came back. it is only with great effort that he convinces her to give him another chance. gar quickly incorporates the "golden gate artificial rubber company", rents a whole floor of a building, installs old crony clifford gray (guy kibbee) as president, gives helen wilson (evalyn knapp) a job as a secretary, and hires a lot of high-pressure salesmen to sell shares. as news spreads, natural rubber company stock prices start to fall, and mr. banks (charles middleton]) offers to buy the company on behalf of the established rubber firms, but the bid is too low for gar. banks then threatens to get an injunction preventing sales of gar's shares pending an investigation. gar welcomes it. however, ginsburg (promoted to "colonel" by gar), has misplaced the inventor of the process, dr. rudolph pfeiffer (harry beresford). when he is finally located and set to work making a sample, gar invites scientists to inspect the finished product, only to discover that pfeiffer is a deranged crackpot (his next invention involves hens laying already decorated easter eggs). francine quits in disgust and prepares to sail to south america and marry señor rodriguez. despite his lawyer's advice to flee to another state, gar insists on taking full responsibility. just as all seems lost, banks offers to reimburse all the shareholders and pay gar enough to make a $100,000 profit just to be rid of the whole mess (and restore natural rubber stock prices). gar rushes to the dock to retrieve the golden gate controlling shares, which he had signed over to francine. while there, he wins her back by promising to give up promoting, only to have donahey show up with a scheme for alaskan gold/marble/spruce wood. soon, gar is plotting his next campaign.
corpus document320
horse feathers
the film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional darwin and huxley colleges.[a] many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.[5] groucho plays quincy adams wagstaff, the new president of huxley college, and zeppo is his son frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help huxley's team. there are also many references to prohibition. baravelli (chico) is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. pinky (harpo) is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. through a series of misunderstandings, baravelli and pinky are recruited to play on huxley's football team; this requires them to enroll as students at huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. the climax of the film, which espn listed as first in its "top 11 scenes in football movie history,"[6] includes the four protagonists winning the football game by taking the ball into the end zone in a horse-drawn garbage wagon that pinky rides like a chariot. a picture of the brothers in the "chariot" near the end of the film made the cover of time magazine in 1932.[7]
corpus document321
hot saturday
a pretty young bank clerk, ruth brock (nancy carroll), attracts the young men in the small town of marysville. rich playboy romer sheffield (cary grant) is no exception, even though he has camille (rita la roy) staying openly at his mansion, scandalizing the locals. jealous, camille soon leaves. ruth, however, is all business whenever romer tries to become better acquainted with her at the bank. she agrees to go on a date on saturday with fellow employee conny billup (edward woods). romer invites conny and his crowd to party at his estate, offering free food and drink, just so he can spend some time with ruth. they stay long enough for romer to take ruth on a long walk and have a heartfelt conversation. the gang then heads to a lakeshore dance hall. conny gets ruth alone on a nighttime boat ride, but she jumps ashore to avoid his unwanted pawing of her. out of spite, he leaves her behind. she has to walk to romer's estate. conny eventually finds her there, but she does not want to see him, and romer makes him drive away without her. romer sends ruth home in his chauffeured car; she is seen arriving home early in the morning by eva randolph (lilian bond), the daughter of an important bank executive. inside, ruth is pleasantly surprised to find childhood friend and geologist bill fadden (randolph scott) in the kitchen. he has returned to do some surveying after seven years away. bill makes it clear he is in love with her. when eva questions conny about what happened the night before, he lies. the lies quickly spread, and soon the local gossips have distorted the story so much that everybody thinks that ruth and romer are having a brazen affair. as a result, eva's father fires ruth. after quarreling with her mother (jane darwell), ruth flees to bill's campsite. caught in a rainstorm, she faints just outside bill's shelter. bill finds her and brings her inside. when he is unable to awaken her, he removes her wet clothes to keep her warm. when she does regain consciousness, they become engaged, though she does not tell him about the ugly rumors. however, conny maliciously has eva invite romer to the dance hall where ruth and bill are. once romer grasps the situation, he graciously tries to bow out, but bill hears the vicious gossip and breaks off the engagement. by the next morning, bill has reconsidered, but she informs him that while the stories were not true the night before, they are now in the morning. she spent the night with romer. romer picks her up and tells her they will get married in new york.
corpus document322
huddle
tony ametto, a young steel-worker with immigrant parents, gets a scholarship to yale, where he becomes a football star and finds romance with a young heiress.
corpus document323
i am a fugitive from a chain gang
sergeant james allen (muni) returns to civilian life after world war i, but his war experience makes him restless. his family feels he should be grateful for a tedious job as an office clerk, and when he announces that he wants to become an engineer, they react with outrage. he leaves home to find work on any sort of project, but unskilled labor is plentiful and it is hard for him to find a job. wandering and sinking into poverty, he accidentally becomes caught up in a robbery and is sentenced to 10 years on a brutal southern chain gang. he escapes and makes his way to chicago, where he becomes a success in the construction business. he becomes involved with the proprietor of his boardinghouse, marie woods (glenda farrell), who discovers his secret and blackmails him into an unhappy marriage. he then meets and falls in love with helen (helen vinson). when he asks his wife for a divorce, she betrays him to the authorities. he is offered a pardon if he will turn himself in; allen accepts, only to find that it was just a ruse. he escapes once again. in the end, allen visits helen in the shadows on the street and tells her he is leaving forever. she asks, "can't you tell me where you're going? will you write? do you need any money?" james repeatedly shakes his head in answer as he backs away. finally, helen says, "but you must, jim. how do you live?" james' face is barely seen in the surrounding darkness, and he replies, "i steal," as he backs into the black.
corpus document324
if i had a million
dying industrial tycoon john glidden (richard bennett) cannot decide what to do with his wealth. he despises his money-hungry relatives and believes none of his employees is capable of running his various companies. finally, he decides to give a million dollars each to eight people picked at random from a telephone directory before he passes away, so as to avoid his will being contested. (the first name selected is john d. rockefeller, which is swiftly rejected.) henry peabody (charles ruggles) is unhappy, both at work and at home. a bookkeeper promoted to salesman in a china shop, henry keeps breaking the merchandise, meaning his "raise" results in his bringing home less money than before, something his nagging wife (mary boland) is quick to notice. after glidden gives him a certified check, henry shows up late for work and then proceeds to gleefully wreak destruction on the wares. barroom prostitute violet smith (wynne gibson) checks into the most expensive hotel suite she can find and goes to bed ... alone. eddie jackson (george raft) narrowly avoids arrest for trying to cash a forged check. with his prior record, if he is caught, it will mean a life sentence in prison. when glidden presents him with his check, eddie is delighted ... at first. however, he does not dare show his face in a bank, and none of his criminal associates believes the check is genuine. frantic to leave town and desperately needing to sleep, the penniless man gives the check as security for a 10 cent bed in a flophouse. the manager secretly calls the police to take away what he thinks is a lunatic, and uses the check to light his cigar. ex-vaudeville performer emily la rue (alison skipworth) is very content with her life, running her tea room with the help of her partner, ex-juggler rollo (w. c. fields). only one thing is lacking to make her satisfaction complete, and it is delivered that very day: a brand new car. however, when they take it out for a drive, it is wrecked when another driver ignores a stop signal. the heartbroken woman returns to her tea room, where glidden finds her. she comes up with an inventive way to spend part of her great windfall. she and rollo purchase eight used cars and hire drivers. they all take to the road in a long procession. when they encounter an inconsiderate road hog, emily and rollo immediately set off in pursuit and crash into the offender's automobile. they then switch to one of their spare cars and repeat the process, until they run out of automobiles. at the end of the day, emily purchases another new car, but it too is destroyed in a collision with a truck. no matter. emily tells rollo it has been "a glorious day". this sequence was probably wiritten by joe mankiewicz, since it contains a reference to his hometown wilkes-barre, pa. prisoner john wallace (gene raymond) has been condemned to the electric chair for killing someone during a robbery. after a tearful conversation with his wife mary (frances dee), he is visited in his cell by glidden. john is certain that his new-found wealth will save him, but it is too late. he is executed that same day, despite his protests. when clerk phineas v. lambert (charles laughton) receives his check in the mail, he shows little emotion. he merely leaves his desk, calmly climbs the stairs to the office of first the secretary of the president of the company, then to the office of the private secretary, and finally knocks on the door of the president himself. when he is admitted, phineas blows a raspberry at his former boss and leaves. glidden finds u.s. marine steve gallagher (gary cooper) and his good buddies mulligan (jack oakie) and o'brien (roscoe karns) in the stockade for striking their sergeant. however, when glidden gives gallagher the check, gallagher notices it is april fools' day and assumes it is a joke. when the three men are released, they immediately head for a nearby lunch stand to see marie (joyce compton), the pretty waitress. they all want to take her to the carnival, but none of them has any money. then gallagher remembers his check and that zeb, the stand's owner, is illiterate. he tells zeb that the check is for $10 and gets zeb to cash it. he and marie head off to the carnival, but gallagher cannot shake his pals. then mulligan becomes embroiled in a fight, his comrades join in, and the trio end up right back in the stockade. through the bars, they watch dumbfounded as a fancily dressed zeb steps out of a limousine, escorting an equally well-garbed marie. the last beneficiary is mary walker (may robson), one of many unhappy elderly women consigned to a rest home run by mrs. garvey (an uncredited blanche friderici). mrs. garvey is a petty tyrant who enforces her rules rigorously, to the displeasure of her charges, especially the spirited, defiant mary. mary uses her money to turn the tables. she pays mrs. garvey and the rest of the staff just to sit in rocking chairs while she and the other residents have a wonderful time partying and dancing with their gentleman friends. mary's spirit even reinvigorates john glidden. glidden ignores his doctor and looks forward to spending time with mary.
corpus document325
island of lost souls
shipwrecked traveler edward parker (richard arlen) is rescued by a freighter delivering animals to an isolated south seas island owned by dr. moreau (charles laughton). when parker objects to the freighter's captain (stanley fields) mistreating m'ling (tetsu komai), an odd-looking passenger with strangely bestial festures, the captain tosses parker overboard into mr. montgomery (arthur hohl) and moreau's boat. when parker arrives at his island, moreau offers parker the hospitality of his home and introduces him to lota (kathleen burke), a beautiful, gentle girl who seems a bit simple. when the two hear screams coming from a locked room, which lota calls "the house of pain," parker investigates. he sees moreau and montgomery operating on a person without anesthetic. convinced that moreau is engaged in sadistic vivisection, parker tries to leave, only to encounter brutish-looking men resembling apes, felines, swine, and other beasts emerging from the jungle. moreau appears, cracks his whip, and orders the one known as the sayer of the law (béla lugosi), a wolflike creature, to repeat the rule against violence. afterward, the strange men disperse. back in the main house, the doctor corrects parker's mistaken impression. moreau explains that he started experimenting in london many years previously, accelerating the evolution of plants. he eventually graduated to animals, trying to transform them into people through "plastic surgery, blood transfusions, gland extracts, and ray baths". he would still be working in england on his "bio-anthropological research" if a dog had not escaped from his laboratory and so horrified the people that he was forced to leave. he reveals that lota is the sole woman on the island, but hides the fact that she is derived from a panther. later in private, he expresses his excitement to his assistant, montgomery, that lota is becoming more human in her emotions due to her attraction to parker. to keep parker around to continue the process, moreau sees to it that the boat that was to take parker away is destroyed and places the blame on his beast-men. as parker spends time with lota, she falls in love with him. eventually the two kiss, but parker is stricken with guilt, as he has a fiancée, ruth thomas (leila hyams). when lota hugs him, parker feels pain from her fingernails, which have reverted to animal-like claws. in a fit of rage, he storms into the office of dr. moreau and tells him that he considers it criminal to turn panthers into women. dr. moreau calmly explains that lota is his most perfect creation, and he wanted to see if she was capable of falling in love with a man and bearing human-like children. parker punches moreau and orders him to make arrangements for him to leave the island as soon as possible. when moreau discovers that parker found out about lota's nature because she is starting to revert to her panther origin, then he despairs, believing that he has failed – until he notices lota weeping as humans do. his hopes are raised and he screams that he will burn out all the animal in her in the house of pain. in the meantime, the american consul (george irving) at apia in samoa, parker's destination, learns where parker is from the cowed freighter captain. ruth persuades captain donahue (paul hurst) to take her to moreau's island. she is reunited with parker, but, as it is late, moreau persuades them that it is too dangerous to return immediately to donahue's ship. they reluctantly agree to stay the night. the apelike ouran, one of moreau's creations, tries to break into ruth's room. (it is implied that this is arranged by moreau, who is eager to see if his beast-men can successfully mate with humans.) fortunately, she wakes up and screams for help. donahue then offers to try to reach the ship and fetch his crew. moreau, seeing him depart, dispatches ouran to strangle him. this has an unforeseen effect, however. the beast-men no longer feel bound by moreau's laws, as he has himself broken one of them. reverting to their animal nature, they set their huts ablaze and defy moreau, who tries to regain control with his whip, but to no avail. in desperation, he demands of them, "what is the law?" their response is, "law no more!" the beast-men drag the doctor into his house of pain, where they bind the screaming man to the operating table and destroy him with his own surgical instruments. with help from the fed-up montgomery, parker and ruth make their escape. parker insists on taking lota with them. when lota sees ouran following, she waits in ambush. in the ensuing struggle, both are killed. the others escape by boat as the island goes up in flames, presumably destroying all of moreau's work and eradicating the beast-men.
corpus document326
it's tough to be famous
when his submarine, s89, is sunk by an excursion boat, scotty (douglas fairbanks, jr.) is the last one left aboard after helping the crew to be rescued. however, navy divers are able to save scotty and his heroics make him a hero. retiring from the navy as a commander, he finds that, as a hero, he is in great demand. there are parades. speeches, endorsements, banquets and autographs galore. even his marriage to his sweetheart janet (mary brian) is headline news. everyone wants a piece of scotty. the only thing that scotty does not have in his freedom and a life of his own.
corpus document327
jewel robbery
in vienna, baroness teri von horhenfels (kay francis) relieves the boredom of her marriage to her rich but dull husband (henry kolker) with love affairs. one day, at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a diamond ring, her tedium is lifted by a suave, charming thief (william powell) and his gang. in turn, he is entranced by her beauty. he locks her husband and her latest lover, paul (hardie albright) (of whom she has already tired), in the vault, and forces shop owner hollander (lee kohlmar) to smoke a drugged cigarette that soon makes him forget his troubles. she however persuades him into leaving her free. however, he is not so carried away as to neglect his duties; he takes her ring, all 28 carats (5.6 g) of it. teri returns home, to be envied her adventure by her friend marianne (helen vinson). they are frightened to discover that an intruder has broken in and opened her safe. however, they become puzzled and relieved when they find that not only is nothing missing, but the ring has been returned. marianne departs hastily, anxious to avoid becoming entangled in a scandal. the thief then appears; teri tries to return the ring, since keeping it would raise uncomfortable questions. when he refuses to take it back, she accuses him of using her to hide out from the police. then, detective fritz (alan mowbray) arrives, flushes out the robber, and takes the two into custody. however, all is not as it seems. it turns out that fritz is a member of the gang. the thief had used the fake arrest to transport teri to his house without protest for a night of romance. she is intrigued. vienna has become too dangerous for him, so he asks her to meet him in nice, but she hesitates. just then, the real police surround the place. he and his gang escape, leaving teri tied up so as to divert suspicion. after she is "rescued", she decides she needs a vacation away from vienna to recover from the excitement... in nice.
corpus document328
klondike
a doctor, lyle talbot as dr. robert cromwell, is charged with murder, when a patient dies, after an experimental operation to remove a brain tumor. his pilot friend, frank hawks as donald evans, convinces him to start a new life; and, they plot their course, across the bering strait. the weather blows them off course; and, they end up in alaska. there the doctor is faced with a new dilemma. mark, henry b. walthall as mark armstrong, the father of jim, jason robards sr. as jim armstrong, a man crippled by a similar brain tumor, begs the doctor to attempt the operation. when the doctor refuses, he accuses him of wanting his son to die, because he’s in love with jim's fiancée, thelma todd as klondike. "doc" acquiesces, at klondike's insistence. although, having none of the facilities of a hospital. he believes that the operation is less likely to succeed, the longer it is delayed. the operation seems to be a partial success. but, now, jim will do anything to keep "doc" from taking klondike back to the states with him, even using his genius, with electricity, to electrocute him.[1]
corpus document329
kongo
"deadlegs" flint, an embittered paraplegic who lives in the kongo, controls the natives by using cheap tricks that appear to be magical. assisting him with his magic tricks are his fiance tula, two thugs, hogan and cookie, and a loyal native, fuzzy. flint has spent the last eighteen years planning revenge against a man named gregg who stole his wife and took her away from the jungle. flint has built a sixty-mile, fortified encirclement of his compound that prevents anyone from entering or leaving without flint's consent. having seen to it that gregg's daughter ann is brought up innocently by nuns in a convent in cape town, flint sends hogan to bring her to his compound. in cape town, hogan, dressed as a missionary, is able to convince ann to go with him into the kongo by saying that he will take her to her father. when she arrives at flint's compound, ann is held as a prisoner. after spending months confined to a brothel in zanzibar, ann has become a hardened alcoholic, who does flint's bidding for whiskey, and has no idea why he has brought her to his camp and degraded her. when a cynical, drug-addicted doctor named kingsland arrives at the camp, he and ann fall in love. flint, who needs kingsland to be free from drugs in order to perform an operation on his legs, places the doctor in the swamp so that leeches can suck all of the drugs' poison out of his system. flint also tolerates ann's relationship with the doctor and its purifying effect, even while he ridicules her. some time after the operation, gregg arrives at the camp, summoned by flint, who has stolen a large shipment of his rival's ivory. flint hopes to have the ultimate revenge against gregg by showing him his now degraded daughter, then having him killed, and having ann burned as the sacrifice in the natives' burial ceremony. flint taunts gregg until gregg finally recognizes flint for the man he once knew as rutledge. years before, when gregg was known as whitehall, he ran away with flint's wife after kicking flint in the back, paralyzing him, and leaving him for dead. from that time, flint has plotted his revenge against gregg and the girl who he thought was gregg's daughter. when gregg proves, however, that ann is actually flint's own daughter, flint is stunned, and begs gregg not to leave the compound or he will be killed (flint had earlier ordered fuzzy to shoot gregg if he tried to leave the compound). gregg does not listen to his old enemy and leaves, and fuzzy kills him. now desperate to save ann from the natives' sacrificial fire, flint arranges for her and kingsland to escape through a tunnel in the swamp that only fuzzy knows. just before flint dies trying to keep the natives at bay, he prays that ann will get away safely with kingsland. some time later, kingsland and ann are on a boat sailing away from africa, about to be married by the ship's captain.
corpus document330
ladies of the jury
middle-aged mrs. livingston baldwin crane (edna may oliver) is selected to serve on a jury for the murder trial of french ex-showgirl yvette gordon (jill esmond), accused of killing her rich, much older husband. the prosecutor calls only two witnesses, a doctor and mrs. gordon's maid, evelyn snow. snow testifies that after she found mrs. gordon kneeling beside the body of her husband holding the murder weapon, a gun, her employer offered to pay her to say that mr. gordon committed suicide. mrs. gordon, on the other hand, claims that snow demanded money to tell the police that story. on the witness stand, mrs. gordon says she went away for a week to get away from mr. gordon for a while, then returned to an angry, suspicious husband who threatened her with a gun. she states they struggled, and the gun went off by accident. during the testimony, mrs. crane asks several questions of the witnesses, much to the annoyance of judge henry fish. she discovers that snow was recommended to mrs. gordon by chauncey gordon, mr. crane's nephew and sole relative (and heir if mrs. gordon is convicted). when the jury retires to consider a verdict, mrs. crane casts the sole “not guilty” vote. when asked why, she replies, "woman's intuition." after lots of convincing and several votes, the count is ten to two in favor of acquittal. during the deliberations, the wealthy mrs. crane manages to (illegally) pass a note to her maid suzanne, instructing her to hire a detective agency to investigate further. when mrs. crane overhears a couple of the jurors debating whether to switch their votes back to guilty, she recommends they reenact the death at the scene. in the gordon mansion, chauncey gordon refuses to pay snow any more money until after mrs. gordon is found guilty. when they see the jury drive up, snow hides chauncey in a secret compartment. however, the jurors find the secret compartment and him by accident. furthermore, a telegram arrives, stating that the detective agency has found out that chauncey paid snow $10,000. as a result, the jury find mrs. gordon not guilty.
corpus document331
lady with a past
although she is an heiress and quite lovely, venice muir is very shy. she is flattered when flirtatious donnie wainwright urges her to elope to paris with him, then irked when he abandons her before their ship departs. venice gets an idea, hiring a penniless fellow, guy bryson, to pretend to be a gigolo and spread word of venice's effect on men. soon she is the toast of paris, suitors lining up to woo her, including rene, a man of noble lineage. unbeknownst to her, rene is in serious debt. when she rejects his proposal, rene commits suicide, enhancing venice's reputation as a heartbreaking vixen. sailing back home, venice is followed by more gossip, including some about guy. a dazzled donnie begins pursuing her again, finally winning over venice without ever knowing of her ruse.
corpus document332
the last mile
the movie presents the life in a prison where men are on death row. some of them are wrongfully accused and convicted, there is nothing else in their future but the electric chair. richard walters is condemned to death for crime he claims he never committed. while the drama inside the prison unfolds, his friends on the outside are trying to find evidence that he is innocent.[2]
corpus document333
lawyer man
anton adam is a lawyer who has just got a client acquitted against the uptown new york lawyer granville bentley. granville offers the poor lawyer partnership and he accepts. anton's faithful secretary olga michaels isn't delighted to see anton disrespecting the law. his downfall comes when he meets the beautiful virginia, an actress who is introduced as a woman whose doctor has abandoned her and now seeks help. anton sues dr. gresham, but virginia soon calls him she wants to drop the charges. he responds with anger, which virginia records. now, anton is sued for blackmail and must face a tough jury. he loses his partnership with bentley and he decides to become ruthless. with only his secretary on his side, anton returns to his old neighbourhood to set up an honest legal practice.
corpus document334
life begins
at a maternity hospital, future fathers pace the corridors while their wives wait for their babies either anxiously or happily. efficient and compassionate nurse miss bowers keeps the ward running smoothly. things liven up when grace sutton is transferred from the prison where she is being held for murder. most agree that the man she killed deserved to die, and nurse bowers sympathetically allows grace's concerned husband jed unlimited time with his wife. in the ward, the women have varied feelings about motherhood. mrs. west, a mother of six children, thinks babies are what give meaning to women's lives. in contrast, florette, a showgirl, just wants to get rid of her twins as soon as possible. miss layton has decided opinions about child rearing and has no intention of being a doting mother. while the women debate their various theories, a woman who wants a baby so much that she has become demented wanders in from another ward. an italian woman quietly sobs when she learns that her newborn has died. after a touching farewell with jed, grace, whose health has suffered from prison conditions, is taken into the labor room. while jed waits anxiously, florette is appalled by the plans that the prospective adoptive mother of her twins has concocted. she cradles one baby herself and discovers mother love. miss layton has also given up on her progressive plans for her baby. down the hall, things are going badly for grace. when the doctors ask jed to choose between saving grace or the baby, he chooses grace, but she herself insists that the doctors operate and save the baby. after she dies, jed refuses to see the baby girl, but wise nurse bowers places the child in his arms, and as with the mothers, he cannot resist her charms.
corpus document335
the lost squadron
captain "gibby" gibson (richard dix) and his close friend "red" (joel mccrea) spend the last hours of world war i in the air, shooting down more of the enemy. they then return to america with fellow pilot and comrade "woody" curwood (robert armstrong) and their mechanic fritz (hugh herbert) to an uncertain future. gibby finds his ambitious actress girlfriend follette marsh (mary astor) with a new boyfriend, one who can do more for her career. good-natured braggart red decides not to take back his old job, as it would mean the firing of a married man with a new baby. woody learns that he is penniless, swindled by his embezzling business partner. years later gibby, red and fritz ride a boxcar to hollywood to look for woody and find work in lean times. at a movie premiere, they spot a prosperous woody, who is working as a stunt flier. he offers them well-paying jobs working for disreputable and tyrannical director arthur von furst (erich von stroheim). gibby is reluctant, as follette is now married to von furst, but finally gives in. woody introduces his two comrades-in-arms to his sister, "the pest" (dorothy jordan). she worries constantly about him, as von furst utilizes dangerously worn-out aircraft and woody drinks a lot. both gibby and red are attracted to her. gibby misinterprets her concern for him when he barely survives a crash (caused by parts of his aircraft falling off) as love. when red impulsively asks the pest to marry him, she agrees, and gibby accepts the situation with grace. meanwhile, von furst is aware that his wife still has strong feelings for gibby. he sabotages the aircraft gibby is to fly for a dangerous stunt, secretly applying acid to a control wire, not only out of jealousy, but also to add to the realism of his film with a real crash. however, unbeknownst to him, woody decides to do the stunt in gibby's place. red sees von furst tampering with the wires and alerts gibby. gibby takes off in another aircraft and catches up to woody, but cannot make himself understood over the roar of their engines. the cable breaks, and woody crashes and is killed. red takes von furst captive at gunpoint, determined to apply vigilante justice. gibby and fritz find out. gibby starts to telephone the police to report a murder over red's objections. while they are arguing, von furst tries to escape, and is shot and killed by red. when police detective jettick (ralph ince) shows up in answer to gibby's interrupted call, the men hide the body. sensing something wrong, jettick insists on searching for von furst. when he leaves, gibby loads the corpse into an aircraft and takes off. he then deliberately crashes, killing himself and taking the blame for the crime.
corpus document336
love affair
wealthy socialite carol owen (dorothy mackaill) decides to take up flying. gilligan (jack kennedy) sets her up with a homely instructor, but she requests dashing jim leonard (humphrey bogart) instead. jim has some fun, taking her through some aerobatic maneuvers that leave her queasy, but still game. for revenge, she gives him a lift into town in her sports car, driving at breakneck speeds. they begin seeing each other. carol learns that jim is designing a revolutionary airplane engine, but cannot get any financial backing. she decides to give him a secret helping hand, persuading her skeptical financial manager, bruce hardy (hale hamilton), to invest in the project. hardy is only too pleased to oblige, as he has asked carol numerous times to marry him. hardy keeps a mistress on the side, aspiring stage actress linda lee (astrid allwyn). unbeknownst to him, she is jim's sister and in love with georgie keeler (bradley page), a broadway producer. things become serious between carol and jim. he begins neglecting his work and eventually spends the night with her. the next day, he asks her to marry him. she realizes that she is distracting him from making a success of his engine and turns him down. when hardy asks carol once again to marry him, she jokingly tells him she would only consider his offer if she were broke. he then informs her that she is. he has been paying all her bills for the past year. hoping to help jim, she agrees to wed hardy. hardy tries to break off his relationship with linda. this is what georgie has been waiting for. he has coached linda to extort $50,000 from hardy to finance a new play in which linda will star, but the businessman will only write her a check for $10,000. to try to pressure hardy, georgie has linda lie to jim about the relationship. meanwhile, carol has second thoughts and goes to break the news to hardy. before she can however, jim shows up and insists that hardy marry his sister. however, when hardy shows him the canceled $10,000 check endorsed to georgie, jim realizes linda has deceived him. he apologizes and leaves. carol decides to kill herself by crashing an airplane. as she starts to take off, jim reads the suicide note she left with gilligan. he manages to cling to the fuselage, work his way gingerly to the cockpit (while the plane is in flight), and reconcile with carol.
corpus document337
love in high gear
ronald and betty plan to elope, but are overheard by a jewel thief who has just stolen a pearl necklace from the wedding ronald and betty were attending. the jewel thief plans to use the situation to his advantage and a mad chase ensues towards the end of the film.[2][3]
corpus document338
love me tonight
the story describes an encounter between a parisian tailor named maurice courtelin (chevalier) and a family of local aristocrats. these include vicomte gilbert de varèze (ruggles), who owes maurice a large amount of money for tailoring work; gilbert's uncle the duc d'artelines (c. aubrey smith), the family patriarch; d'artelines' man-hungry niece valentine (loy); and his other 22-year-old niece, princesse jeanette (macdonald), who has been a widow for three years. d'artelines has been unable to find jeanette a new husband of suitable age and rank. the household also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor the comte de savignac (butterworth). maurice custom-tailors clothing for de varèze on credit, but the vicomte's unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable, so maurice travels to de savignac's castle to collect the money owed to him. on the way, he has a confrontation with princesse jeanette. he immediately professes his love for her, but she haughtily rejects him. when maurice arrives at the castle, gilbert introduces him as "baron courtelin" in order to hide the truth from the comte . maurice is fearful of this scheme at first, but changes his mind when he sees jeanette. while staying at the castle, he arouses valentine's desire, charms the rest of the family except for jeanette, saves a deer's life during a hunt, and continues to woo jeanette. the comte de savignac discovers that maurice is a fake, but the vicomte then claims that maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito for security reasons. finally, jeanette succumbs to maurice's charms, telling him "whoever you are, whatever you are, wherever you are, i love you." when maurice criticizes jeanette's tailor, the family confronts him for his rudeness, only to catch him and jeanette alone with jeanette partially undressed. maurice explains that he is redesigning jeanette's riding outfit, and he proves this by successfully altering it, but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity. despite her earlier promise, jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing that he is a commoner. the entire household is outraged, and maurice leaves. however, as a train carries him back to paris, jeanette struggles with her fears, finally realizes her mistake, and catches up to the train on horseback. when the engineer refuses to stop the train, she rides ahead and stands on the track. the train stops, maurice jumps out, and the two lovers embrace as steam from the train envelops them.
corpus document339
madame butterfly
at goro's tea house, we are introduced to cho-cho san (sylvia sidney) who is bidding farewell to her mother and grandfather. she is about to undergo training as a geisha in exchange for money that will support her family. after the relatives leave, goro introduces prince yamadori, a prospective husband, to cho-cho san. when yamadori finds her withdrawn, madame goro explains that cho-cho san is high-born and is not yet used to the geisha life style. meanwhile, on board an american steamship due to arrive in japan for several months' stay, lieutenant barton (charlie ruggles) convinces his friend lieutenant ben f. pinkerton (cary grant) that once they arrive to skip the american counsul's party and plan to enjoy themselves instead. pinkerton looks at a photograph of a blonde woman inscribed to him 'from adelaide' and hides it in his clothing trunk. back at goro's, mrs. goro prepares cho-cho san for another meeting with yamadori by dressing her more elegantly. meanwhile, pinkerton and barton enter goro's, and are greeted by geishas. they are seated and watch a performance of dancing and music played by the geishas, and begin to become intimate with them. goro interrupts so pinkerton wanders to a different room and, through a screen, sees a dancing silhouette. entering further, he discovers cho-cho san practicing her dancing. despite goro's admonishment, he is immediately enchanted with cho-cho san, who runs away to the garden in fear. pinkerton catches up to her and they talk. yamadori comes to meet cho-cho san again. goro pretends she is indisposed but a neighboring geisha reveals that she is with a naval officer. infuriated, yamadori vows never to set foot in goro's house again. this makes goro angry at cho-cho san, since yamadori was goro's best client. goro threatens to shame cho-cho san's family because she has been disobedient. pinkerton asks goro to explain why he is so angry, and goro tells him that cho-cho san was supposed to marry yamadori. barton takes pinkerton aside and tells him that "marriage" to japanese is just a formality: when husbands desert, the geishas can automatically be considered divorced. realizing how easy the situation is, pinkerton informs goro of his intention to marry cho-cho san. cho-cho san's relatives assemble at the couple's new house, and the marriage takes place as a tea ceremony. afterwards, cho-cho san prays at her home altar, adorned with a picture of her ancestors. pinkerton asks barton to send the relatives away, while he gets to know cho-cho san better and shows her how to kiss. several days later, pinkerton arrives home, where cho-cho san greets him with honors. he gives her a translucent veil. she offers him drink and a pipe to smoke. he asks for a change of pants and cho-cho san obliges. while searching for the pants within pinkerton's trunk, cho-cho san discovers the picture inscribed to pinkerton by a blonde woman (which pinkerton hid in the earlier scene). with a serious face, she brings it to pinkerton and asks if he is in love with that woman. he denies it; she embraces him, happy again, but he maintains a serious face. several weeks later, the home altar now shows a picture of pinkerton. cho-cho san happily receives pinkerton and barton. in an aside to barton, pinkerton explains that he hasn't had the courage to tell cho-cho san that he's leaving the following day. barton suggests they all have dinner at the hotel. while eating, the commander of the naval vessel visits the table, mentioning they are due to leave tomorrow. cho-cho san is taken aback. returning home, cho-cho san is upset, so pinkerton sings to her "my flower of japan". the following day, pinkerton is leaving but asks cho-cho san not to see him off at the dock. cho-cho san asks about the girl in the picture but pinkerton says he loves only cho-cho san and promises to come back in the spring. "when the robins nest again?" asks cho-cho san and pinkerton affirms. the scene cuts to the next spring, and butterfly happily holds her infant son. she points out that a robin has nested and speaks to her son, revealing his name as "trouble" for now, but when pinkerton returns, it will be changed to "joy". the scene cuts to a robin building a nest. it is in the garden of a house owned by pinkerton and the woman, adelaide, from the photograph. a ring on the fourth finger of her left hand indicates that she is engaged. she remarks that it is now spring to pinkerton, who looks troubled. in response, she mentions that ever since he's returned from japan he has been different. he offers to tell her something that might upset her and she agrees. the scene ends. in cho-cho san's home, her grandfather asks her to marry yamadori, but cho-cho san explains that, unlike in japan where desertion is ground for divorce, in the united states divorce can only be effected by a judge after a period of years. he asks her to return home, if only for the sake of the child, but she rejects her grandfather's ways, saying that she and the entire house belong to pinkerton. angrily, her grandfather disowns her and asks that she never enter his house again. meanwhile, pinkerton and his newly married wife adelaide walk down the marriage aisle to the strains of mendelssohn's music and rice being thrown by guests. back in japan, cho-cho san remarks that the robins have nested three times. she goes to see the american consul and asks about the nesting habits of american robins. understanding what has happened, he explains that, in the united states, they nest only once in three years. relieved, cho-cho san leaves happily. the consul sends a telegram to pinkerton asking him to come. meanwhile, cho-cho san goes to a temple to pray. cho-cho san sees a naval ship in the distance and is overjoyed at pinkerton's imminent return, explaining it to her son. at the ship dock, pinkerton arrives with barton and is met by adelaide. barton mentions that the consul will be having a party that night, and pinkerton thinks that's why he sent the telegram. cho-cho san suggests to suzuki that they surprise pinkerton: suzuki will be with trouble in the next room and only bring him out at cho-cho san's clap. they sit down by the window to watch for pinkerton's approach. suzuki and trouble fall asleep, but cho-cho san continues to watch all night through the morning. suzuki wakes and encourage cho-cho san to go to bed. dejected, she still believes pinkerton will come, despite suzuki's warnings that "men always forget." in their hotel room, pinkerton explains the situation to his adelaide. she suggests that once he talks with cho-cho san, all will be cleared up. he asks her to accompany him and she assents. pinkerton and adelaide arrive at cho-cho san's house. he asks adelaide to wait. he goes up to the house and is greeted by a wildly happy cho-cho san. her happiness turns serious as he explains that he must leave soon and is never coming back. cho-cho san sees a woman waiting, and realizes that pinkerton has married another woman – the woman she had seen in the picture. in tears, she bids him goodbye. crying, she tells trouble that his father has taken another woman, while trouble fidgets with an ancestral heirloom, a knife. she then tells suzuki to take trouble to his grandfather, who will raise trouble "in the ways of his ancestors." she tells suzuki she will follow after she prays. as she prays, she recalls the american marriage vow "till death do us part". she unsheathes the knife and sees the inscription "to die with honor when one can no longer live with honor." wrapping the veil pinkerton gave her around her neck, she stabs herself. her dying words are "i love you for always."
corpus document340
madison square garden
middleweight contender eddie burke needs to change managers after his, doc williams, sets up a big fight at madison square garden for him. eddie becomes distracted by too much partying and girlfriend bee, who is understandably worried about him. eddie falls into the hands of a crooked trainer, "honest john" miller, who works for a racketeer, sloane. he is made to lose the fight, miller wrapping his opponent's hands in plaster, and takes a terrible beating. but when the truth comes to light, some of eddie's fellow boxers go after the crooks with their fists.
corpus document341
make me a star
a small-town delivery boy merton gill (stuart erwin) arrives in hollywood, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed and complete with a diploma from the national correspondence academy of acting. crashing the gates of majestic pictures merton manages to fumble his one line bit in the latest buck benson (george templeton) western and is fired on the spot.[2]
corpus document342
manhattan tower
manhattan tower is about a couple by the names of mary harper (mary brian) and jimmy duncan (james hall). both work at the empire state building: he as an engineer, she's a secretary. they would like to marry and buy a house that they saw advertised in a window in the building lobby, but they need more money. mary asks her womanizing boss for advice, and he persuades her to give him all her savings to invest. unbeknownst to her, the boss has speculated in the commodity market, and lost not only his money and that of his wealthy wife, but also some of the firm's funds too. his wife would like to quietly divorce him to marry her politician friend, but the husband asks her for money to avoid a scandal. when mary changes her mind and asks for the restitution of her savings, her boss refuses and mistreats her. that causes a confrontation between jimmy and mary's boss, and they fight. meanwhile, also the politician and an honest accountant of the firm, who discovered his superior's misdeeds but kept silent fearing to lose his job, decide to confront mary's boss. during the fight, he takes a gun from a drawer, and menaces them all. he trips and falls through a window to his death. the witnesses decide to declare it was a suicide and go on with their lives. there are other intertwining stories of people who work at the empire state building, and a bank run started by a casual comment by the politician's secretary.
corpus document343
the man called back
a disgraced doctor (nagel) exiles himself to the south seas, and is rehabilitated by meeting a society woman (kenyon) and her irresponsible husband (halliday).
corpus document344
the man from yesterday
in paris at the end of the first world war, sylvia suffolk and british officer tony clyde get married, shortly before tony leaves for the front. sylvia, newly pregnant, is given the news that tony is dead while working as a nurse for surgeon rené gaudin. sylvia gradually falls in love with rené, but is reluctant to remarry since she has no official news of tony's death. on holiday in switzerland with rené, sylvia is shocked to find tony is still alive, and convalescing, and now finds herself torn between duty to tony and marriage to rené.
corpus document345
man wanted
lois ames (kay francis) is the editor of 400 magazine, whose wealthy husband, fred (kenneth thomson), pays her little attention. his interests are polo and partying. when her personal secretary, (charlotte merriam), can no longer take the long hours of work and quits, lois hires tom sherman (david manners), a handsome man who happens to come by the office to demonstrate a rowing machine, as her new secretary. tom soon makes himself indispensable to lois, and their long hours spent together leads them to fall in love with each other. tom's fiancée, ruth holman (una merkel), senses something is going on and isn't happy about it. tom's roommate, andy doyle (andy devine), uses tom's absences and ruth's distress to try to romance ruth himself. meanwhile, lois's husband, fred, is having an affair with anna le maire (claire dodd). lois finds out when she discovers a key to anna's room in fred's vest pocket, which she puts on fred's pillow; nothing is said between them, but fred now knows that lois knows about his infidelity. after things go too far between tom and lois, tom quits and begins to plan a wedding with ruth. lois tries to smooth things over with fred, but instead they agree on an amicable divorce. on tom's last day of work, lois keeps him busy until very late, and he misses a dinner engagement with ruth and andy. ruth storms into the office, with andy in tow, and threatens to tell fred about the affair. lois tells everyone about the divorce, ruth breaks her engagement with tom and threatens to marry andy in revenge, and tom asks lois to marry him.
corpus document346
the man who played god
while giving a private performance for a visiting monarch, concert pianist montgomery royle is deafened when a bomb is detonated in an attempt to assassinate the foreign ruler. with his career over as a result of his injury, royle returns to new york city with his sister florence, close friend mildred miller, and considerably younger fiancée grace blair. after abandoning thoughts of suicide, montgomery discovers he can lip read, and he spends his days observing people in central park from his apartment window. as he learns of people's problems, he tries to help them anonymously. he becomes absorbed in his game of "playing god" but his actions are without sincerity. one day montgomery witnesses a conversation between grace and harold van adam, during which she tells the young man she loves him but cannot leave montgomery because of his handicap. moved by the generosity of her sacrifice, montgomery confronts her and ends their engagement, allowing her to follow her heart. montgomery continues to act as a philanthropist, but his attitude is changed and his motives become altruistic. he draws closer to mildred, who always has loved him, and the two find happiness in their developing relationship.
corpus document347
the mask of fu manchu
sir denis nayland smith (lewis stone) of the british secret service warns egyptologist sir lionel barton (lawrence grant) that he must beat fu manchu in the race to find the tomb of genghis khan. the power-mad fu manchu (boris karloff) intends to use the sword and mask to proclaim himself the reincarnation of the legendary conqueror and inflame the peoples of asia and the middle east into a war to wipe out the "white race". sir lionel is kidnapped soon afterward and taken to fu manchu. fu manchu tries bribing his captive, even offering his own daughter, fah lo see (myrna loy). when that fails, barton suffers the "torture of the bell" (lying underneath a gigantic, constantly ringing bell) in an unsuccessful attempt to get him to reveal the location of the tomb. barton's daughter sheila (karen morley) insists on taking her father's place on the expedition, as she knows where the tomb is. she finds the tomb and its treasures with the help of her fiance terrence "terry" granville (charles starrett), von berg (jean hersholt), and mcleod (david torrence). nayland smith joins them soon afterward. mcleod is killed by one of fu manchu's men during a robbery attempt, after mcleod kills one of fu manchu's men. when that fails, an emissary offers to trade barton for the priceless artifacts. despite terry's misgivings, sheila persuades him to take the relics to fu manchu without smith's knowledge. however, when fu manchu tests the sword, he determines that it is a fake (nayland had switched them). terry is whipped under the supervision of fah lo see, who is attracted to him. meanwhile, fu manchu has barton's corpse delivered to sheila. when nayland tries to rescue terry, he is taken captive as well. terry is injected with a serum that makes him temporarily obedient to fu manchu and released. he tells sheila and von berg that nayland smith wants them to bring the sword and mask to him. sheila senses something is wrong, but von berg digs up the real relics, and they follow terry into a trap. captured by fu manchu, the party is sentenced to death or enslavement, but not before sheila manages to bring terry back to his senses. sheila is to become a human sacrifice, nayland smith is to be lowered into a crocodile pit, and von berg placed between two sets of metal spikes inching toward each other. terry is prepared for another dose of the serum, which will make him a permanent slave of the whims of fu manchu's daughter. however, nayland smith manages to free himself, terry, and von berg. using one of fu manchu's own weapons—a death ray that shoots an electric current—the men incapacitate the arch-villain as he raises the sword to execute sheila. when fu manchu drops the sword, terry picks it up and hacks him to death. while terry frees sheila and carries her away, nayland smith and von berg incinerate fu manchu's followers using the same weapon. safely aboard a ship bound for england, nayland smith tosses the sword over the side so that the world will be safe from any future fu manchu.
corpus document348
the match king
though a lowly chicago street cleaner, swedish immigrant paul kroll (warren william) is ambitious and unscrupulous. when a fellow employee is fired (due to one of kroll's schemes), kroll convinces his foreman (john wray) to keep him on the payroll (officially at least) so they can split his salary. soon there are eight "phantom" workers, and kroll and his partner have amassed $460. however, kroll has been romancing his partner's wife, babe (glenda farrell), behind his back. meanwhile, he has also been lying to the people of his hometown, telling them what a successful businessman he has become. as a result, when the local match factory is in trouble, his uncle begs him to return and save it. kroll gets babe to withdraw the money he has stolen, deceiving her into thinking they are running away together, then leaves her behind as he sails away to sweden. back home, he cons the local bank into giving him a loan to buy a second match factory so he can merge them. only his friend erik borg (hardie albright) knows the truth about kroll's "success", so kroll recruits him as his all-too-trusting second in command in his expanding business. eventually, kroll owns all of the match factories in sweden. however, his ambitions do not stop there. using information he obtains from beautiful, well-placed women he has charmed, he gains official match monopolies in first poland, then germany and other countries by offering loans to cash-strapped governments and bribes to corrupt officials. one day, while dining with ilse wagner (claire dodd), one of his conquests, he is dazzled by the beauty of star actress marta molnar (lili damita). despite her initial rebuffs, he goes to great lengths to win her heart, even hiring a celebrated "gypsy violinist" to serenade her. so enamored is he that he dangerously neglects his business, financed by an ever-growing series of loans. however, he reluctantly returns his attention to his company. one of his agents discovers an eccentric recluse named christian hobe (an uncredited harry beresford) has invented an everlasting match, so kroll has him locked away as a madman. when the stock market crashes, kroll can no longer obtain a bank loan. in desperation, he buys $50 million in fake italian bonds from forger scarlatti (harold huber), whom he then dumps in the middle of a lake to drown. with the bonds as collateral, he obtains a $40 million loan from an american bank. then he thinks of retiring. he asks marta to marry him, only to discover that, in his frequent absences, she has fallen in love with trino, the gypsy violinist. much worse, his forgeries are detected, and his american loan is canceled. kroll shoots himself on the balcony and his body tumbles into the gutter, where he started.
corpus document349
me and my gal
in this wisecracking comedy, dan dolan (spencer tracy) is a cop whose beat is the new york waterfront. dan has a soft spot for helen riley (joan bennett), a sharp-tongued waitress at a cheap diner, while her scatter-brained sister kate (marion burns) is in love with duke castage (george walsh), a sleazy low-level mobster. while duke makes a play for kate, both helen and dan know that he's bad news, and dan wants to put duke behind bars before he can break kate's heart. me and my gal was directed by raoul walsh, one of the great craftsmen of the studio system—and also the brother of george walsh, who plays the villain.
corpus document350
the menace
englishman ronald quayle was accused of murdering his father and, based on testimony offered by his stepmother caroline, was found guilty and imprisoned. managing to escape, he fled to the united states and found work in an oil field, where an explosion scarred his face. after undergoing plastic surgery, he returns home under the alias robert crockett, determined to prove caroline and her lover jack utterson really killed his father. having squandered her inheritance, caroline has put the quayle home on the market. pretending to be a potential buyer, ronald introduces himself to caroline. meanwhile, scotland yard inspector tracy has assigned ronald's former fiancée peggy lowel to inventory the contents of the house in the hope she will find evidence to clear ronald's name. ronald initiates a romance with caroline and, announcing his plan to elope to new york city with her, presents her with a magnificent necklace. at a halloween party, ronald plants the necklace on caroline's cohort sam lewis, who is killed by jack. he conceals the body in a sarcophagus, and after ronald finds it he reports his discovery to inspector tracy. during the ensuing investigation of the crime, ronald and jack fight near a statue of a feathered serpent, which falls on jack. as he lies dying, he confesses to murdering ronald's father and implicates caroline. ronald is exonerated, and he and peggy make plans to marry and settle in quayle manor.
corpus document351
men of chance
a destitute marthe preston is in dire straits in paris until gambler richard dorval comes to her aid. in gratitude, she agrees to a scheme of dorval's to seduce and wed his rival, "diamond johnny" silk, then help ruin johnny's horse-racing business interests. marthe's inside information enables dorval and an accomplice, bookie joe farley, to bribe johnny's jockeys to deliberately lose races or to help them influence the odds. johnny learns the truth and demands she leave. martha has fallen in love with her husband, however, so she pretends to go along with a plot to poison johnny's horse, double-crossing dorval and rejoicing in johnny's triumph.
corpus document352
merrily we go to hell
jerry corbett (fredric march), a chicago reporter and self-styled playwright, meets heiress joan prentice (sylvia sydney) at a party and they begin dating. jerry soon proposes to joan, and even though his economic prospects are dim and he is an alcoholic, joan accepts his marriage proposal, against the objections of her father (george irving). even though jerry becomes heavily intoxicated just before their engagement party, ruining it, joan stands by him. jerry writes some plays which are rejected, and fights his alcohol addiction. he manages to sell a play and the couple travels to new york to watch the production. the star of the play turns out to be jerry's former girlfriend, claire hampstead (adrianne allen), and on the premiere night he drinks heavily, becomes drunk, and mistakes joan for claire. still, joan stands by him. but, when joan catches jerry trying to sneak out to claire's one night she kicks him out. the following day she tells him that they will have a "modern marriage" and that she intends to have affairs herself. when jerry is next seen, he is making a "merrily we go to hell" toast with claire. in turn, joan and her date toast to the "holy state of matrimony–single lives, twin beds and triple bromides in the morning." joan becomes pregnant and learns from her doctor that her health is poor. she tries to tell jerry, but he is too occupied with claire and she decides to move on. after he is unable to write a successful follow-up play, jerry eventually realizes that he loves joan, and regrets his behavior. he commits to sobriety, returns to chicago, and works as a reporter again, but joan's father keeps them apart. jerry discovers joan has given birth from a gossip columnist and goes to the hospital to see her. joan's father tells him the baby day died two hours after his birth, that joan is very ill, and that she does not want to see him ever again. however, jerry sneaks into her room anyway, while joan in pain is asking the nurse to send for jerry, she has to see him. he discovers his distraught wife has been pleading to see him all along. a repentant jerry pledges his love to her and they kiss.
corpus document353
million dollar legs
while visiting the mythical country of klopstokia on business, brush salesman migg tweeny (jack oakie) collides with a young woman (susan fleming) on the street and the two fall instantly in love. her name is angela—all the women in klopstokia are named angela, and the men are named george—and she is the daughter of klopstokia's president (w.c. fields), whose country is bankrupt, and who relies upon his great physical strength to dominate a cabinet that is conspiring to overthrow him. tweeny, hoping to win the hand of the president's daughter in marriage, presents him with a plan to remedy klopstokia's financial woes: the president is to enter the 1932 summer olympics, win the weightlifting competition, and collect a large cash reward that has been offered to medalists by tweeny's employer. tweeny then sets out to find athletes to make up klopstokia's olympic team, and quickly discovers that the country abounds in athletes of preternatural abilities. the team, with tweeny as their trainer, boards a steamship bound for america. meanwhile, the rebellious cabinet ministers, who are determined to sabotage klopstokia's olympic bid, have enlisted the services of "mata machree, the woman no man can resist" (lyda roberti), a mata hari-based spy character who sets out to destroy the klopstokian team's morale by seducing each athlete and then setting them against each other in a collective brawl. her efforts have the intended effect: when the team arrives in los angeles, it is in no condition to compete. after a pep talk from tweeny fails to inspire them, angela tracks down mata, defeats her in an underwater fight, and forces a confession from her before the assembled team, which restores the athletes' fighting spirit. they take to the field and begin winning events. by the time the weightlifting competition begins, klopstokia needs only three more points for victory. in the film's final scene, tweeny excites the president's fierce temper in order to inspire him to a final superhuman effort. the president throws a 1000-lb weight at tweeny, missing him, but winning both the weightlifting competition and the shot put for klopstokia.
corpus document354
the miracle man
doc, a crook in chinatown, must flee when nikko, a local bazaar owner, gets fresh with doc's accomplice, helen smith, and doc nearly kills him. using the name john madison, doc hides out in meadville, california, where he meets the patriarch, a faith healer. hoping to capitalize on the patriarch's reputation, doc sends for helen to pose as the patriarch's grand niece, helen vail, and she is joined by fellow crooks frog, a contortionist, and harry evans, a pickpocket. doc stages a mock miracle in which frog is "transformed" from a crippled state to perfect health. at the same time, however, the patriarch heals real cripples bobbie holmes and margaret thornton, who has come to meadville with her millionaire brother robert for the patriarch's miracle cure. the miracles cause a great fervor, and doc collects money in helen's name from scores of believers, ostensibly to build a chapel. robert falls in love with helen, and one night, they get stranded on his yacht and doc flies into a jealous rage, planning to kill robert. later, the patriarch is nearing death, and helen, frog and harry refuse to support doc's extortion efforts. doc is about to abscond with the chapel money, when robert tells him he proposed to helen, but was turned down because she loves doc. suddenly sorry for his greed, doc returns the money and swears his love to helen as the patriarch dies.
corpus document355
misleading lady
helen steele (claudette colbert) is bored to death of her empty socialite lifestyle. she decides to become an actress, but cannot get in to see producer sydney parker (robert strange). fortunately, she learns that parker will be at a party at the home of her friend alice connell. she wants the lead in parker's new play, the siren. he feels that she is too nice a girl to convincingly play the part, so she bets him that, in exchange for an audition, she will be able to make parker's friend, mining engineer jack craigen (edmund lowe), fall in love with her within three days. she records jack's proposal of marriage on a phonograph record to provide proof, but then has second thoughts about what she has done. before she can explain the situation to jack, he is publicly humiliated when he and all of the other guests inadvertently hear the recording. as jack storms out, he is introduced to tracy, helen's fiance. helen breaks off her engagement and rushes to jack's room to try to explain. jack kidnaps her and steals another guest's autogyro to carry her off to his home. when she tries to escape, he chains her up. while he is out getting some water to make coffee, she spots another man. he sneaks in, but then reveals that he is an escapee from a nearby mental asylum and thinks he is "boney". she screams for help when he grabs a sword. jack plays along and manages to trick the lunatic into entering a room, which jack then locks. after jack receives a call informing him that tracy is on his way there, armed with a gun, he decides to let helen go, but then they argue. during the ensuing struggle, she hits him on the head with a hammer, knocking him out, and runs away into the snow-filled woods. she manages to reach a forest ranger. meanwhile, boney gets out and locks jack up. reporter fitzpatrick shows up and, mistaking the madman for jack, warns him that tracy is coming. then two asylum guards show up to collect boney, but he manages to get away. eventually, everything gets straightened out, and the couple reconcile.
corpus document356
the monster walks
the film opens with ruth earlton and her fiance dr. ted carver arriving at her father's house. she has been told that her father has died, and is returning to find out what will be done with the estate. they arrive on a stormy night, and are greeted by her invalid uncle robert, the housekeeper mrs. krug and the housekeeper's son hanns. while exploring the mansion, ruth is dismayed to find a large ape her father used to conduct experiments in the basement. she and the others then gather to learn how the earlton estate will be divided. earlton has left his estate to ruth, but it will go to her uncle robert in the event of her death. very small monthly sums are also left to the housekeeper mrs. krug and her son hanns. these two are very upset about the small amount of the allowance. when ruth goes to bed that night, a large, hairy hand reaches through the headboard and attempts to strangle her. when she screams, it disappears. her fiance and mrs. krug arrive at her room, and attempt to comfort her. ted gives her a sleeping potion, and she falls asleep in a chair in her room while mrs. krug stays with her, taking the bed. the hairy hand reappears and strangles mrs. krug this time, killing her. ruth awakens and alerts the rest of the household as to what has happened. afterward, hanns krug meets with robert earlton in secret, and tells him that their plan to kill ruth earlton has failed and he has accidentally murdered his own mother. he blames robert for this, and after mentioning the fact that robert is his father, he strangles him as well, leaving him for dead. dr. clayton visits robert's room, and robert regains consciousness. he tells clayton about the plan he and hanns had to murder ruth, so that the estate would go to them instead. clayton rushes out to find ruth and warn her. she has already been taken by hanns to the basement though, where he attempts to force the ape to kill her. the ape turns on him instead, killing him. clayton arrives to find ruth alive and well.[1]
corpus document357
the most dangerous game
in 1932, a luxury yacht is sailing through a channel off the western coast of south america. the captain is worried about the channel lights not matching the charts, but is quickly dissuaded from changing course by the wealthy passengers for the sake of time, including famous big game hunter and author bob rainsford (joel mccrea). it is a calm evening, with the cheerful passengers relaxing over drinks and a game of cards. bob and his companions are debating about whether hunting is at all sporting for the animal being hunted after a friend asks if he would exchange places with a tiger he had recently hunted in africa. bob replies that there are two kinds of people in the world: those who hunt and those who are hunted. the ship suddenly runs aground, causing the ship to take on water and heave violently. water floods the boiler room, causing the ship to explode and sink into the channel. rainsford and two others manage to get away and cling to wreckage, but the other survivors are eaten by a shark. he swims to a small, lush island. wandering through the jungle, he sees the channel lights off the shoreline change, and suspects the ship was deliberately led off course to its doom. he stumbles across a luxury chateau where he becomes the guest of the expatriate russian count zaroff (leslie banks), a fellow hunting enthusiast. zaroff remarks that rainsford's misfortune is not uncommon; in fact, four people from the previous sinking are still staying with him: eve trowbridge (fay wray), her brother martin (robert armstrong), and two sailors. that night, zaroff introduces rainsford to the trowbridges and reveals his obsession with hunting. during one of his hunts, a cape buffalo inflicted a head wound on him. he eventually became bored of the sport, to his great consternation, until he discovered "the most dangerous game" on his island. rainsford asks if he means tigers, but zaroff denies it. later, eve shares her suspicions of zaroff's intentions with the newcomer. the count took each sailor to see his trophy room, on different days, and both have mysteriously disappeared. she believes their host is responsible, but bob is unconvinced. then martin vanishes as well. in their search for him, rainsford and eve end up in zaroff's trophy room, where they find a man's head mounted on the wall. then, zaroff and his men appear, carrying martin's body. zaroff expects rainsford to view the matter as he does, and is gravely disappointed when bob calls him a madman. he decides that, as bob refuses to be a fellow hunter, he must be the next prey. if rainsford can stay alive until sunrise, zaroff promises him and eve their freedom. however, he has never lost the game of what he calls "outdoor chess". eve decides to go with rainsford. the two initially succeed in avoiding zaroff and his dogs. eventually, they are trapped by a waterfall. when rainsford is attacked by a hunting dog, zaroff shoots and the young man falls into the water. zaroff takes eve back to his fortress to enjoy his prize. however, the dog was shot, not rainsford. rainsford eventually shows up while zaroff plays the piano for pleasure. zaroff says rainsford has beaten him and gives him the key to the boathouse, but rainsford discovers him holding a gun behind his back. rainsford fights first zaroff, then his henchmen, killing the henchmen and mortally wounding zaroff. as rainsford and eve speed away in a motor boat, the dying zaroff tries to shoot them. unsuccessful, he succumbs to his wounds. he falls out of a window into the pack of his frenzied hunting dogs.
corpus document358
the mouthpiece
vincent day (warren william) is a prosecutor who is on the fast track to success. when a man he zealously prosecuted all the way to the electric chair is found to have been innocent, he becomes distressed and quits his job. at the suggestion of a friendly bartender, he decides to switch teams and become a defense attorney specializing in the representation of gangsters and other unsavory people. he will use any tactic to get his clients acquitted, up to and including drinking a slow-acting poison from a bottle of evidence to prove that the substance isn't lethal. the jury acquits the man not knowing that immediately after, day rushes into a mob doctor's office for a pre-arranged stomach pump. celia farraday (sidney fox) is a young secretary recently arrived in the city from a small town in kentucky. when day makes play for her, she spurns his advances, loyal to her fiance, johnny (william janney). when the fiance is framed for a crime committed by one of day's clients, day's affection for celia not only prompts day to defend johnny by implicating his client in the crime, but to reconsider his life of getting criminals out of jail sentences. however, his associates send him a message that his departure will not be allowed. he lets them know that he has all of their secrets in a safe-deposit box, along with instructions for the bank to forward the contents to the district attorney in the event of his unnatural death. they call his bluff and he is shot while leaving his office to attend celia's wedding. on the way to the hospital, he tells his faithful secretary that the criminals were wrong to call his bluff and that the information will be on the way to the da. the movie leaves it ambiguous whether day, shot several times, will survive his wounds. the film was remade in 1940—but with a different ending and starring george brent—under the title the man who talked too much.
corpus document359
movie crazy
harold hall, a young man with little or no acting ability, desperately wants to be in the movies. after a mix-up with his application photograph, he gets an offer to have a screen-test, and goes off to hollywood. at the studio, he does everything wrong and causes all sorts of trouble. but he catches the fancy of a beautiful actress, and eventually the studio owner recognizes him as a comic genius.
corpus document360
mr. robinson crusoe
the film opens with a title card that reads "from the time adam and eve were banished from the garden of eden, man has vainly sought to find solace, comfort and earthly pleasures in an artificial world of his own creation. down through the ages has come that eternal heritage of the urge in every man to turn his back on so-called civilization, to get back to nature and revel in the glories and freedom of a primitive paradise." the fairbanks character steve drexel voluntarily strands himself on a deserted island on a bet. he intends to re-create civilization (in the form of new york) and carves a comfortable home, complete with a sign reading 52nd street and park avenue out of the jungle. drexel is joined by his dog, and befriended by a native monkey, parrot, and a wild goat that is captured in one of his traps. he attempts to cultivate a "head-hunter" native as his man friday from robinson crusoe, but fails as the native escapes. a woman played by actress maria alba runs away from a marriage she does not want on a neighboring island and is trapped in one of his devices. he names her saturday and she becomes the love interest of the film. in an attempt to communicate with saturday, he tries german, spanish, and then pig latin. over the course of the film, she slowly learns rudimentary english. eventually, the natives on a nearby island attack the fairbank's settlement at the behest of the men that bet against the main character. the hero defeats the hostile natives just as his friends arrive and he wins the bet. coincidental to their arrival, a separate war party of natives (billed as head-hunters) arrives and attacks. steve drexel distracts them as his friends save his animals and head for the yacht. after a harrowing chase, he ends up escaping with his friends, animals and the girl saturday on the yacht that brought him there. he takes her back to new york where she performs to an appreciative crowd in the ziegfeld follies.
corpus document361
the mummy
in 1921, an archaeological expedition led by sir joseph whemple (arthur byron) finds the mummy of an ancient egyptian high priest named imhotep (boris karloff). when an inspection of the mummy by whemple's friend dr. muller (edward van sloan) reveals that the viscera were not removed, muller deduces that although imhotep had been wrapped like a traditional mummy, he had been buried alive. also buried with imhotep is a casket with a curse on it. despite muller's warning, sir joseph's assistant ralph norton (bramwell fletcher) opens it. he reads aloud an ancient life-giving scroll, the "scroll of thoth". imhotep rises and escapes with the scroll. norton is driven insane. ten years later, imhotep is masquerading as a modern egyptian named ardath bey. he calls upon sir joseph's son frank (david manners) and professor pearson (leonard mudie) and shows them where to dig to find the tomb of the princess ankh-es-en-amon. after locating the tomb, the archaeologists present its treasures to the cairo museum and thank bey for making their discovery possible. it is further revealed that imhotep's horrific death was punishment for sacrilege: attempting to resurrect his forbidden lover, princess ankh-es-en-amon. imhotep soon encounters helen grosvenor (zita johann), a half-egyptian woman bearing a striking resemblance to the princess. believing her to be ankh-es-en-amon's reincarnation, he attempts to kill her, with the intention of mummifying her, resurrecting her, and finally making her his bride. she is saved when she remembers her past life and prays to the goddess isis to save her. the statue of isis raises its arm and emits a beam of light that sets the scroll of thoth on fire. this breaks the spell that had given imhotep his immortality, causing him to crumble to dust. at the urging of dr. muller, frank calls helen back to the world of the living while the scroll of thoth continues to burn.
corpus document362
murders in the rue morgue
in paris in 1845, a mad scientist, dr. mirakle (bela lugosi), abducts young women and injects them with ape blood, in order to create a mate for his talking sideshow ape erik (charles gemora, the gorilla performer). young pierre dupin, a young naive medical student and detective (leon ames — credited as leon waycoff — in the role of poe's standard detective icon, c. auguste dupin), his fiancée camille l'espanaye (sidney fox, in the role of an original character in the short story), and their friends paul (bert roach) and his girl mignette (silent film actress edna marion, in her last film role) visit carnival sideshows, including mirakle's sideshow, where he exhibits erik. both master and servant are enchanted by camille, whom mirakle plans to become erik's mate. he invites her to come and take a closer look at erik, who grabs camille's bonnet. dupin tries to get it back, when erik tries to strangle him. mirakle backs him off and offers camille to replace the bonnet. but camille is reluctant and suspicious to give the doctor her address, so, when they leave, mirakle orders his servant janos (noble johnson) to follow her. one of mirakle's victims, a prostitute, is found dead in a river (a homage to another dupin-poe tale, "the mystery of marie rogêt"), and is fished out and taken to the police station. dupin wants to examine the girl's blood but the morgue keeper (d'arcy corrigan) won't allow. a bribe convinces him to draw some of the blood himself and deliver it to dupin the next day. dupin discovers in the blood a foreign substance, also found in the blood of other victims. mirakle visits camille and asks her to visit erik again, but when she refuses, he sends erik to kidnap her. dupin happens to be passing out of the flat, hears her screams, and tries to enter the room but it is locked. the police arrive when the ape has already retreated and dupin is arrested. neither madame l'espanaye (betty ross clarke) nor her daughter are found. the police prefect (brandon hurst, in a role based on the character g—from poe's dupin stories) interviews three witnesses: italian alberto montani (agostino bogato), german franz odenheimer (herman bing) and a dane (torben meyer). all of them state that they had heard camille screaming and also someone else talking in a strange language (the german thinks it was italian, the italian thinks it was danish and the dane thinks it was german). camille's mother is found dead, stuffed in the chimney (the fate of camille herself in the original story), and her hand clutching ape fur. dupin points out from the fur that erik himself may be involved. the police, along with dupin, run to mirakle's hideout. before they arrive, erik turns against his master and strangles him. he grabs camille when the police arrive and they chase him. the police shoot janos in the back when he tries to keep them at bay. erik, pursued, is cornered on the roof of a small dockside house. he confronts dupin, who shoots the animal dead and eventually saves his fiancée from the peril.
corpus document363
my pal, the king
tom reed's (tom mix) famous traveling wild west show performs in alvonia, a small european country, where the child king, ten year old charles v (mickey rooney), neglects his duties because of his interest in the show. after a discussion with tom, charles decides that he should treat his subjects fairly, which does not please count de mar (james kirkwood) who has been in control of the country and wants to tax the people heavily. he plots with the dowager queen (clarissa selwynne) to kidnap charles and his tutor, dr. lorenz (wallis clark), and throws them in a dungeon, and suggests to lorenz that he kill charles and then kill himself. tom learns from charles' aunt, princess elsa (noel francis) that the king is missing, and tom manages to track him to the fortress where the king is imprisoned. tom's cowboys and the count's men fight, and the count ends up drowning to death. tom then rescues the king and his tutor, and charles promises to always treat his people well.
corpus document364
new morals for old
mr. and mrs. thomas are affluent new yorkers who are unhappy that their adult children, ralph thomas (robert young) and phyl thomas (margaret perry), spend so many evenings at parties instead of spending time with family. their disapproval deepens when they discover both children want to move out to pursue lifestyles that the parents deem unacceptable: phyl moves into her own apartment so that she can conduct an affair with a married man, duff wilson (david newell). her brother, ralph, goes to paris to pursue his dream of being a painter, thus disappointing his father who expected him to remain in the family wallpaper business. mrs. thomas repeatedly tries to invoke guilt in both children for not being with her, especially after mr. thomas dies of a stroke. eventually, phyl marries her paramour and ralph returns to new york, having failed as an artist. mrs. thomas dies shortly after ralph’s return. at the end of the film, phyl, her twin infants, her husband duff, and her brother ralph are all living in the family home, with a newfound appreciation for the benefits of family life. in the film’s last scene, ralph and duff are laughing together about how phyl has evolved into a protective maternal figure, much like her own mother.
corpus document365
night after night
joe anton (raft) is a speakeasy owner who falls in love with socialite miss healy (cummings). he takes lessons in high-class mannerisms from mrs. jellyman (skipworth). joe does not know that miss healy only pays attention to him because he lives in the fancy apartment that her family lost in the wall street crash of 1929. joe decides to instead pursue his old flame iris dawn (gibson) just as miss healy begins to genuinely fall in love with him.[3]
corpus document366
night world
on a cold winter's night outside happy's nightclub, irish-american police officer ryan (robert emmett o'connor) chats with african-american doorman tim washington (clarence muse), who is worried about his critically ill wife. inside, club owner happy (boris karloff) is arguing with his shrewish but glamorous wife jill (dorothy revier) and welcoming frequent customers ed powell (george raft), a crooked gambler, and michael rand (lew ayres). rand is a wealthy college boy who watched his mother kill his father after catching him with another woman, a case widely covered by the tabloids. rand is now drinking heavily to deaden his pain. backstage, gambler powell asks chorus girl ruth taylor (mae clarke) for a date and, after losing an impromptu bet, she agrees to go out with him. after the floor show, all the chorus girls are asked to stay late by their cruel dance master, klauss (russell hopton), who is secretly having an affair with happy's wife jill. edith blair (dorothy petersen) spots a drunken michael sitting alone at a table. edith was the 'other woman' in the murder of michael's father. she tell michael that she and his father were only good friends, and that his father loved him deeply. she also tells michael that his killer mother never loved his father, and cursed him as he was dying. an upset michael creates an outburst and overturns a table at the nightclub. he passes out after being punched, and is taken to the back room of the club where ruth cares for him. happy leaves to discuss bootleg liquor purchases with another gangster, jim. (huntley gordon.) as he exits, doorman tim asks if he can leave early to visit is ailing wife, but happy refuses. when michael wakes up from his liquor-related nap, he and ruth have a warm chat. gambler powell interrupts them and insists ruth to come to his apartment immediately. michael punches powell and tim takes the fallen gambler out to a taxi. suddenly, michael's mother (hedda hopper) arrives at the nightclub. michael confronts her about the way she treated his father. the late-night dance rehearsal continues, but klauss calls a break so he can spend more time with jill. happy returns, and tim asks again if he can go see his wife in the hospital. happy refuses. happy catches jill and klauss together, and klauss leaves in disgrace. happy tells jill that he will not divorce her, but remain married to her and do his best to make her miserable. michael and ruth sit down for a meal together. michael asks ruth if she would be interested in running away to bali with him, as his wife, even though they have only known each other for a few hours. their happy moment is interrupted by tim, who has just learned that his wife is dead. as he leaves the club to finally go to her bedside, he is fatally shot by gangster jim and a comrade, who have come for happy. they shoot happy and then his wife jill. when they turn their guns towards michael and ruth, they are suddenly shot dead by the returning police officer ryan. michael and ruth get into the police wagon together, and ruth agrees to go bali with michael.
corpus document367
no man of her own
card sharp "babe" stewart (clark gable) and his cronies, kay everly (dorothy mackaill), charlie vane (grant mitchell), and vargas (paul ellis), cheat an unsuspecting mr morton (walter walker) at poker. afterward, when babe breaks up with his girlfriend kay, she threatens to turn him in to the police, but he is not worried. police officer "dickie" collins (j. farrell macdonald), who has been following babe, then drops in to inform him that he has told morton the truth. worried, babe decides to leave new york city for a while. he chooses the small town of glendale, purely by chance. there he meets librarian connie randall (carole lombard), who is bored to death of glendale, and tries to get better acquainted with her. she plays hard to get, figuring it is the best way to interest someone as experienced as babe, but finds it difficult to hide her attraction to him. when he is ready to return to new york, she appeals to the gambler in him, getting him to flip a coin to decide whether or not to get married. the coin comes up heads, and they do get married. babe continues his cheating ways, while letting connie think that he has a regular job. to fill the daytime hours when he is supposedly at his job, he persuades a friend to let him work as a stock broker. he turns out to be good at it. connie does not suspect anything until she sees babe hide a stacked deck of cards in a secret compartment in the side of their card table prior to a fixed game one evening. she shuffles the cards and puts them back without anybody noticing. babe and his confederates lose thousands of dollars as a result. afterwards, babe is surprised when connie is willing to stay with him, even knowing what he does for a living. he decides to take a trip to south america with vane and vargas, but without her. at the last minute, he realizes that he loves her, so he does not board the ship. instead, he tells collins to charge him with something, and, in return for a confession, he will serve 90 days in jail to pay for his past misdeeds and "come clean". however, in order to keep connie from discovering that he is in jail, he gets vargas to send weekly cablegrams in his name to her from south america. a pregnant connie receives a visit from kay just before babe's "return" from his travels. kay starts to tell connie about her husband's shady past, but is surprised to find that connie already knows and still loves babe. after informing connie that babe is in jail, kay gives up trying to get babe back and wishes connie luck. when babe gets out of jail, he purchases some south american "souvenirs", including a caged bird, from a local shop before he comes home to connie. she asks him to tell her about where he has been. the film ends with babe describing his fictional voyage to south america.
corpus document368
no more orchids
the departure of an ocean liner is held up to wait for spoiled heiress anne holt (carole lombard). tony gage (lyle talbot) expresses his contempt of her inconsiderate behavior to a fellow passenger, who agrees with him, even though she is the woman's paternal grandmother, gran holt (louise closser hale). during the voyage, anne and tony become acquainted and fall in love, but he refuses to marry her because she is already engaged to prince carlos (jameson thomas) and because of the enormous financial gulf between them. he is too poor to even afford to buy her orchids. anne's father bill (walter connolly) finds out and invites the man to dinner. he likes tony very much. eventually, anne breaks down tony's resistance and they become engaged. however, there is a formidable obstacle—her grandfather jerome cedric (c. aubrey smith). he had already been foiled once before in his ambition to have royalty in the family, when his daughter married bill against his wishes. the richest man in america, cedric had arranged the marriage to carlos, going so far as to finance a revolution to restore the prince to his position. when he learns of the danger to his plans, he first threatens to disinherit his granddaughter; when that does not work, he informs anne that bill's bank is on the verge of bankruptcy and that he will not prop it up unless she marries his choice. heartbroken, anne gives in and breaks off her engagement to tony without telling him the reason. when bill finds out, he lies to anne, telling her that he has found alternate financing to save the bank. he arranges an impromptu wedding for anne and tony. then, he flies off in his plane, supposedly on business, but in reality to commit suicide.
corpus document369
the old dark house
philip waverton (raymond massey), his wife margaret (gloria stuart), and roger penderel (melvyn douglas) are lost while driving at night in a heavy storm. they come upon an old house in the welsh countryside, where they are given shelter by horace femm (ernest thesiger) and his sister rebecca (eva moore). horace fears that the storm will trap them inside; he warns that their butler, morgan (boris karloff), drinks heavily and is dangerous. rebecca escorts margaret to a bedroom to change clothes, and tells her about the femm family, which rebecca says was sinful and godless; she accuses margaret of being sinful as well. rebecca reveals that her 102-year-old father, sir roderick femm (elspeth dudgeon), still lives in the house. during dinner, sir william porterhouse (charles laughton) arrives with his girlfriend, a chorus girl with the stage name gladys ducane (lilian bond). they are also seeking refuge from the storm. as the group chats by the fireplace, gladys reveals her real last name is perkins. roger and gladys go to retrieve some whiskey from his car. the electric lights go out and rebecca tells horace to get a lamp from an upstairs landing. horace is afraid to go upstairs, so philip goes instead. as he fetches the lamp, he notices a locked room and hears a voice coming from another room. william goes to help rebecca close a window, leaving margaret alone. morgan, now drunk, attacks her and chases her up the stairs to philip, who is coming down with the lamp. philip throws the lamp at morgan, knocking him down the stairs. roger and gladys begin flirting while they drink and smoke. gladys says her relationship with william is platonic, and suggests she should live with roger instead. they go back to the house, where they wake up william and tell him about their new romance. meanwhile, philip and margaret go into the room where he heard the voice; they find roderick femm there. he warns them about his eldest son, saul (brember wills), a pyromaniac who is kept in the locked room. philip and margaret discover that morgan has let saul out; they go downstairs to warn the other guests. morgan comes downstairs and charges at margaret. philip and william drag morgan into the kitchen while rebecca flees to her bedroom. roger tells margaret and gladys to hide in a closet. saul comes downstairs and knocks roger out. saul steals a burning branch from the fireplace and sets fire to a curtain before roger awakes. they fight and fall off a landing; saul is killed and roger injured. morgan breaks out of the kitchen and returns to the main room. he frees margaret and gladys from the closet, then takes saul's body upstairs. the next morning, the storm has stopped. philip and margaret leave to get an ambulance, while gladys and william stay behind to tend to roger's injuries. roger awakes and asks gladys to marry him.
corpus document370
once in a lifetime
the immense success of the jazz singer, the first all-talking picture, results in the cancellation of a booking for three song-and-dance vaudeville performers: jerry hyland, may daniels and george lewis. jerry, convinced that talkies are the future, decides they will head to hollywood to break into the fledgling movie industry before others get the same notion. may comes up with the idea to open a school of elocution to teach actors how to speak on film. on the train there, may encounters an old friend, helen hobart, an influential, nationally syndicated columnist. she offers to put them in touch with herman glogauer, the head of a major movie studio. george is smitten with another passenger, aspiring young actress susan walker. they discover the movie world to be an eccentric place. george is unexpectedly appointed by glogauer as supervisor of production, allowing him to promote susan's career. despite his incompetence (or rather because of it), his first picture turns out to be an critical and commercial smash hit, and susan becomes a star. later, a very persuasive salesman gets george to buy 2000 airplanes, which causes glogauer to fire him. however, air movies become very popular, and george has inadvertently cornered the market. the other studios are desperate to get airplanes from glogauer at any price, and george is once again considered a genius.
corpus document371
one hour with you
parisian doctor andre bertier (maurice chevalier) is faithful to his loving wife, colette (jeanette macdonald), much to the surprise of his lovely female patients. but when colette's best friend mitzi olivier (genevieve tobin) insists upon being treated by dr. bertier, it looks to many of those concerned that mitzi may succeed where the other willing ladies failed.
corpus document372
one way passage
dan hardesty (william powell) is an escaped murderer, sentenced to hang. in hong kong, he meets joan ames (kay francis), a terminally-ill woman, in a bar. they share a drink, then dan breaks his glass, followed by joan. police sergeant steve burke (warren hymer) captures dan when he leaves (though out of sight of joan) and escorts his prisoner aboard an ocean liner crossing the pacific to san francisco. on board, dan jumps into the water in a bid to escape, dragging a handcuffed (and non-swimmer) steve with him, but spots joan among the passengers and changes his mind. once the ship is underway, he persuades steve to remove his handcuffs. dan and joan fall in love on the month-long cruise, neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of death. by chance, two of dan's friends are also aboard, thief skippy (frank mchugh) and con artist "barrel house betty" (aline macmahon), masquerading as "countess barilhaus". the countess distracts steve as much as she can to help dan. just before the only stop, at honolulu, steve has dan put in the brig, but he escapes with their help and goes ashore. joan intercepts him and they spend an idyllic day together. when they drive back to the dock, dan starts to tell her why he cannot return to the ship, only to have her faint. dan carries her aboard for medical help, forfeiting his chance. later, joan's doctor tells dan about her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be fatal. meanwhile, the "countess" has spent so much time with the policeman that a romance blooms between them. when they near the end of the voyage, he awkwardly proposes to her. she tells him her true identity, but he still wants to marry her. as steve and dan get ready to disembark, a steward overhears the grim truth and, when joan comes looking for dan, tells her. the two lovers part for the last time without letting on they know each other's secret, and joan collapses after dan is out of sight. they had agreed to meet again on new year's eve, a month later. at the appointed time and place, a bartender is startled when two glasses on the bar break with no one around.
corpus document373
out of singapore
first mate woolf barstow is a corrupt merchant marine officer crewing a cargo ship which sails the manila-singapore trade route. he and his henchmen intend to blow the vessel while it is off the coast of luzon in order to collect the insurance premium.
corpus document374
pack up your troubles
in 1917, stan (stan laurel) and ollie (oliver hardy) are drafted into the american expeditionary force to fight in world war i. their ineptitude during basic training antagonizes the drill sergeant and they are assigned to kitchen duties. they misunderstand the cook's instructions and empty the garbage cans into the general's private dining room. the cook (george marshall), who is thrown in the stockade with them, curses their "snitching" and threatens them with violence after they are released. they escape his wrath when they are shipped to the trenches in france. serving close to the front line, they befriend soldier eddie smith, who receives a dear john letter from his wife. when eddie is killed in action, the boys determine to rescue eddie's daughter (jacquie lyn) from her brutal foster father and deliver her to eddie's parents. they distinguish themselves in combat by losing control of a tank and accidentally forcing a german platoon into the open. after the armistice, stan and ollie venture to new york city to retrieve the girl and look for eddie's parents. using the city telephone directory, the task proves both monumental and problematic as the boys blindly attempt to visit each smith until they find the grandparents. after taking punches from an annoyed prizefighter and disrupting a society wedding, they resort to telephoning first. while operating their lunch wagon, the boys are approached by an unpleasant civil servant (charles middleton) who demands eddie's child so that she can be placed in an orphanage. the boys refuse, and the man says he will return with the police to have the boys arrested. they try to secure a loan with their lunch wagon to finance their escape to another city, but the banker smirks that he'd have to be unconscious to make such a deal. while laughing, he topples a bust onto his own head and knocks himself out. taking this as approval, the boys take what they need from the bank vault. tailed to their apartment by the police, the boys unsuccessfully try to hide eddie's daughter in a dumbwaiter. the police bring the three of them to the banker for identification, and it is discovered that he is the smith they had been seeking. following a happy reunion, the banker drops the charges and invites them as his guests for dinner. the cook storms out of the kitchen to tell his boss that he will not adjust the service on a moment's notice, and recognizes laurel and hardy as the "snitches". the cook chases them with a kitchen knife.
corpus document375
the painted woman
after becoming involved in a killing, kiddo gets on board boyton's ship. when he learns what happened he dumps her on a south sea island. tom brian marries her, and when boynton returns he's furious (he wanted to marry her). when boyton is killed kiddo is accused of the crime and even tom thinks she's guilty.
corpus document376
partners
dick barstow owns a horse ranch. when he comes upon a traveling salesman, carry-all roach, and his grandson, bud, being harassed by chet jarvis, he intervenes, breaking up the incident. he invites the salesman to stay at his ranch to recover from the incident. over dinner, barstow and roach become friendly, and when roach learns that barstow needs $1,500 to get himself out of a financial jam, he loans him the money. the next day barstow goes to pay off his debt, which is to the father of jean morgan, his girlfriend. returning to his ranch, he finds roach by the road, dead. when he reports the murder to the local sheriff, he falls under immediate suspicion of having robbed and murdered roach, since there is no proof that roach loaned him the money with which he paid off mr. morgan. intending to prove his innocence, barstow evades incarceration. he returns to the site of the murder, where he finds a distinctive piece of a boot, which he recognizes as having belonged to jarvis. now suspecting jarvis of the murder, barstow heads to jarvis' motel room to search for evidence. there, he uncovers roach's empty wallet. barstow rides back to his ranch, where jarvis is attempting to claim that he is bud's legal guardian. when confronted with the empty wallet, it is further discovered that jarvis has a military medal of roach's which he used to carry in his wallet. revealed as the murderer, jarvis attempts to flee, but is captured by barstow. returning to his ranch, barstow and jean cement their relationship, and state their intention to raise the young bud.
corpus document377
the passionate plumber
paris plumber elmer tuttle is enlisted by socialite patricia alden to help make her lover tony lagorce jealous. with the help of his friend julius j. mccracken and through the high society contacts he has made through patricia, elmer hopes to find financing for his latest invention, a pistol with a range-finding light. comic complications ensue when elmer's effort to interest a military leader is misconstrued as an assassination attempt.
corpus document378
payment deferred
london bank clerk william marble (charles laughton) is deeply in debt. when his boss learns of a lawsuit for an overdue bill, he warns marble that he will be dismissed if he cannot settle the matter quickly. then, marble is visited by a rich nephew whom he has not seen in many years, james medland (ray milland). all night, marble tries to borrow money from him, having received a financial tip that could solve all his financial troubles. however, medland is not interested. driven to desperation, marble poisons his nephew and buries the body in the back yard. with the dead man's money, marble speculates on margin and makes £30,000, a large sum that enables him to retire. however, fear of his crime being discovered makes him consistently nervous and irritable. his wife annie (dorothy peterson) knows something is wrong, but wrongly guesses he has embezzled from the bank. to relieve his nervous tension, he sends annie and their daughter winnie (maureen o'sullivan) away on a three-week vacation. while they are gone, he has an affair with madame collins (verree teasdale), a local shopowner. winnie finds out when she returns a day early and discovers collins in the house, but keeps quiet about it. despite their new financial wealth, troubles continue to grow for the marble family. annie finally figures out what her husband has done, but stands by him. winnie becomes a bit of a snob, consorting with a higher social class of people and sneering at her parents. when she runs away one night, annie chases after her in the rain and becomes very ill. however, under marble's loving care, she begins to recover. then madame collins shows up and blackmails marble into giving her some money. annie overhears and commits suicide with some of the same cyanide used to kill medland. marble is convicted for her murder. when winnie visits on the day of his execution, marble reassures her that he did not kill annie, but says that he is nonetheless at peace with his fate. he is convinced he is paying a bill that was only deferred.
corpus document379
the penguin pool murder
gwen parker (mae clarke) meets her former boyfriend philip seymour (donald cook) at the local aquarium and asks him for some money so she can leave her husband, stockbroker gerald parker. however, mr. parker receives an anonymous telephone call tipping him off to the rendezvous. when he confronts the pair, seymour knocks him out with a punch. as there are no witnesses to the altercation, he hides the unconscious man in the room behind an exhibit. schoolteacher hildegarde withers (edna may oliver) takes her class on a field trip to the aquarium. shortly after tripping up fleeing pickpocket "chicago" lew (though he gets away), she loses her hatpin; one of her students finds it. then miss withers sees parker's now-dead body falling into a pool housing a penguin. police inspector oscar piper (james gleason) arrives and uncovers several suspects: the widow and seymour; bertrand hemingway (clarence wilson), the head of the aquarium, who had financial dealings with the deceased; chicago lew, found near the scene; and even miss withers herself, as it is later determined that her hatpin was driven through the man's right ear into the brain. bystander and lawyer barry costello (robert armstrong) catches gwen parker when she faints, and acquires a client when she is taken in for questioning. seymour confesses to protect mrs. parker, but miss withers does not believe him. she convinces piper to notify the press that the murder was committed with a thrust through the left ear. later, costello passes along a message from chicago lew, in which he claims to know the identity of the killer. however, when piper and miss withers go to see him at the jail, they find him dead from hanging. costello concocts a way in which seymour could have escaped from his nearby cell using a duplicate key (which is found), strangled lew, and hanged him with wire without entering lew's cell. at the murder trial of philip seymour and gwen parker, while questioning miss withers, costello slips up, showing that he knew that gerald parker was killed via the right ear. the motive is that he is gwen parker's current lover. when gwen parker is released, the waiting seymour slaps her in the face, to the amusement of piper and miss withers. piper then unexpectedly asks miss withers to marry him. she accepts. (however, in the sequel, murder on the blackboard, they are still single.)
corpus document380
the phantom of crestwood
ricardo cortez plays gary curtis (alias farnsbarns), a pi in new york who is known for skirting the law. curtis is sent to get some letters from jenny wren (karen morley), who is a courtesan. wren tells priam andes (h. b. warner) to have some of her former lovers come to a gathering at crestwood. at the gathering, she tells her former lovers that she is leaving but wants money from all of them, and explains that a boy she was trifling with committed suicide. later that night jenny wren is killed. a road washed out keeps everyone at crestwood. now gary curtis must find out who the murderer is before the police arrive and pin it on him.
corpus document381
the phantom president
the phantom president tells the fictional story of american presidential candidates, based on the novel by george f. worts. a colorless stiff candidate for president is replaced in public appearances by a charismatic medicine show pitchman.
corpus document382
police court
a once popular actor, nat barry (played by henry b. walthall), is a has-been because of his alcoholism. the legendary film star is forced by necessity to take a job selling patent medicine at a traveling sideshow dressed in a costume as abraham lincoln. having trouble staying sober, he is arrested and taken before a "police court" for drunken disorder. his teenage son, junior barry (played by leon janney), pleads on barry's behalf and judge robert webster (played by edmund breese) grants him a reprieve. junior is determined to see his father make good again, vowing to keep him off the bottle and on the screen. he attempts to get bit parts for barry, but he has trouble delivering his lines on the movie set for the compassionate director, henry field (played by king baggot).
corpus document383
polly of the circus
when a traveling circus arrives in a small town, trapeze artist polly fisher (marion davies) is outraged to find that clothing has been added to posters of her to hide her moderately skimpy costume. she goes to see the man she mistakenly holds responsible, reverend john hartley (clark gable). he denies being the censor, but their relationship gets off to a rocky start. when a heckler distracts polly during her performance, she falls 50 feet (15 m) to the ground. john hartley has her brought to his nearby house. the doctor advises against moving her. as she recuperates, polly and john fall in love and marry. she willingly gives up the circus for him. john's uncle, bishop james northcott (c. aubrey smith), questions the wisdom of the union, and john's congregation rebels at having an ex-circus performer as their minister's wife. as a result, he is fired and cannot obtain another church position because of his marriage. seeing how miserable her husband is, polly goes to plead for the bishop's help, but he remains unmoved. when she tells northcott she is willing to give john up, the clergyman tells her that a divorced minister is just as unacceptable. polly sees only one way out - as a widower, john could return to the church. she pretends that she has tired of her husband and returns to the circus, planning to have a fatal "accident". however, northcott has a change of heart. when he goes to tell the couple, polly has already left. northcott guesses what she intends to do. he and john speed to the circus' next stop and arrive just in time to save polly.
corpus document384
prosperity
maggie warren (dressler) inherited a family bank during the depression and lizzie praskins (moran) is one of her biggest depositors. maggie’s son john is engaged to lizzies's daughter helen. all kinds of farces happen when the would-be mothers-in-law battle for setting the wedding's protocol including their different preferences of choosing the pastor to perform the ceremony. as the story goes on, lizzie has a panic attack based on rumors about the bank going to belly-up. she hysterically withdraws all her money causing all other customers in the bank to panic and they in return take out their money. the warren family bank is forced to close. maggie’s naive son gets swindled out of his mother’s bonds. as farces go, at the end the swindlers are caught and maggie’s matriarchal resourcefulness with her wised-up son gets the bank solvent again, and the two matriarchal families are bonded with mirthful resolutions. [2][3][4]
corpus document385
the purchase price
joan gordon, a new york torch singer who has been performing since age 15, has left her wealthy criminal boyfriend, eddie fields, for upstanding citizen don leslie. however, don's father has found out about her relationship with eddie; she and don break off their engagement, and she decides to leave town rather than return to eddie. in montreal, she changes her name and resumes performing; not long thereafter, one of eddie's men recognizes her and informs his boss. unwilling to return to him, she trades places with her hotel's maid, emily, who had used joan's picture when corresponding with a north dakota farmer in search of a mail-order bride. offering the maid $100 (about 7 weeks' wages) for the farmer's address, joan sets out to become the wife of jim gilson, with only a vague idea of all the hardships of farm life during the height of the great depression. jim and joan's relationship gets off to a rocky start; on their first night, she rejects his advances and forces him to sleep elsewhere. in the morning, she apologizes but he keeps his distance. over time she falls in love with him, but he remains aloof. meanwhile, he's informed that he'll lose his land if he can't pay his overdue mortgage. he has developed a great strain of wheat and is sure it will bring a profit, but he has no way to keep foreclosure at bay long enough to plant and harvest a crop. a neighboring farmer, bull mcdowell, offers to buy jim's land in exchange for joan's company, but jim is unwilling to make such a bargain and thereby makes an enemy of bull. a little later, joan—who has become a very capable farmer's wife—visits a neighbor who just gave birth with only her adolescent daughter by her side. joan cleans the home, prepares food, turns an old dress into diapers, and calms the frightened daughter, sarah tipton. she braves a snowstorm to return home, where jim has taken in a man who lost his way in the storm—eddie. she pretends not to know him, but eddie quickly tries to take her with him. jim, angry at joan because of her complicated past, and because he's jealous, though he can't yet admit that he cares about her, tells her to go with eddie. she refuses and later asks eddie privately for a loan to save jim's land. the loan, which jim thinks is an extension from the bank, enables them to stay on the farm until after the harvest. she continues to stand by him, but he remains distant. then one night bull torches part of the harvested-but-not-sold crop, and joan and jim fight to save it. joan is injured, but they succeed—and her determination and dedication finally break through jim's reserve.
corpus document386
rackety rax
always looking for an angle, "knucks" mcgloin purchases the mortgage on canarsie college and then turns its football team's fortunes around by hiring thugs and hooligans as players and nightclub dancers as cheerleaders. for the biggest game of the season, almost everything goes wrong. canarsie's quarterback double-crosses his teammates and coach brick gilligan (a former sing sing inmate) by revealing the team's plays to the opponents. guns are drawn on both sides, a bomb is tossed into the middle of a huddle and explosions destroy the cars belonging to both of the teams' owners as soon as the game ends.
corpus document387
rain
a westbound ship en route to apia, samoa, is temporarily stranded at nearby pago pago due to a possible cholera outbreak on board. among the passengers are alfred davidson, a self-righteous missionary, his wife, and sadie thompson, a prostitute. thompson passes the time partying and drinking with the american marines stationed on the island. sergeant tim o'hara, nicknamed by sadie as "handsome", falls in love with her. her wild behavior soon becomes more than the davidsons can stand and mr. davidson confronts sadie, resolving to save her soul. when she dismisses his offer, davidson has the governor order her deported to san francisco, california, where she is wanted for an unspecified crime (for which she says she was framed). she begs davidson to allow her to remain on the island a few more days – her plan is to flee to sydney, australia. during a heated argument with davidson, she experiences a religious conversion and agrees to return to san francisco and the jail sentence awaiting her there. the evening before she is to leave, sergeant o'hara asks sadie to marry him and offers to hide her until the sydney boat sails, but she refuses. later, while native drums beat, the repressed davidson rapes sadie. the next morning he is found dead on the beach – a suicide. davidson's hypocrisy and betrayal cause thompson to return to her old self and she goes off to sydney with o'hara to start a new life.
corpus document388
rasputin and the empress
the highly fictionalized story takes place in the russian empire during the last years of the reign of czar nicholas ii (ralph morgan) and the czarina alexandra (ethel barrymore). reform-minded prince paul (john barrymore) has long been concerned about the plight of the common people and knows a revolution is brewing. prince alexei, heir to the throne, is loved by the people but has hemophilia, and a slight fall turns out to be life-threatening. when royal physician dr. remezov (edward arnold) is powerless to stop the boy's bleeding, princess natasha (diana wynyard), alexandra's lady-in-waiting and paul's fiancee, recommends rasputin (lionel barrymore) as a healer. he convinces the frantic empress that he has been sent by god to cure the child. left alone with alexei, he hypnotizes the boy and relieves his agony but also gradually makes alexei a slave to his will. with the influence he now wields over the relieved parents, rasputin begins replacing those loyal to them with his own men. he is greatly aided when the head of the secret police (henry kolker), fearful of losing his job over his failure to prevent the assassination of a nobleman close to the czar, turns to him for help. with police dossiers at his disposal, rasputin is able to use blackmail to increase his power even further. prince paul fears that rasputin's actions will bring about the downfall of the empire. however, even natasha believes in rasputin. she warns him that paul is going to try to kill him. paul shoots him, but rasputin is unharmed: he has taken the precaution of wearing a hidden metal breastplate. nicholas forces paul to resign his position when he admits he tried to assassinate the man. when germany issues an ultimatum demanding that russia cease mobilizing its army over the crisis between austria-hungary and serbia, nicholas and his advisers are divided. rasputin convinces him to reject the ultimatum, leading to world war i. finally, rasputin begins to make subtle advances on grand duchess maria (jean parker), alexandra's daughter. when natasha finds out, she becomes furious and shouts that she will go to the empress. rasputin overpowers her and puts her in a deep trance. the empress fortuitously enters the room at that moment, enabling natasha to recover her wits and tell what she saw. when he is unable to shake alexandra's faith in natasha, rasputin boasts of how he is now effectively czar. in despair, the empress sends for paul. he assures her that he knows what to do. at a big party where rasputin is guest of honor, he recognizes the servant who has been bringing him his favorite traditional tobolsk cakes all night; he used to work for paul. immediately suspicious, rasputin has the house searched. they find paul and dr. remezov. rasputin is eager to dispatch his most implacable enemy himself; he takes paul into the cellar at gunpoint. once they are alone, paul taunts rasputin, telling him the cakes were filled with poison. he then leaps at rasputin and beats him into unconsciousness. however, rasputin refuses to die. covered with blood, he rises and walks toward paul, shouting that if he dies, russia will die. paul finally drags him out into the snow and throws him into the river to drown. immediately, alexei is freed from his hypnotic trance and hugs his mother. nicholas is forced to exile paul, as rasputin's minions are still in power. however, the old charlatan's last prophecy comes true, as the czar is overthrown and shot with his entire family by the bolsheviks.
corpus document389
red dust
on a rubber plantation in french indochina during the monsoon season, the plantation's owner/manager dennis carson (gable), a prostitute named vantine (harlow), and barbara willis (astor), the wife of an engineer named gary willis (gene raymond) are involved in a love triangle. carson abandons an informal relationship with vantine to pursue barbara, but he has a change of heart and returns to vantine. vantine arrives at the plantation first, on the lam from the authorities in saigon. she displays an easy comfort in the plantation's harsh environment, wisecracks continually, and begins playfully teasing carson as soon as she meets him. he resists her charm at first, but soon gives in, and they quickly develop a friendly, casual relationship in which they tease each other and pretend to be too tough for affection. one of their favorite games is to call each other "fred" and "lily", as though neither can be bothered to remember the other's name. however, carson loses interest in vantine when the willises arrive. gary willis is a young, inexperienced engineer, and his wife barbara is a classy, ladylike beauty. carson is immediately attracted to barbara, and, after sending gary on a lengthy surveying trip, he spends the next week seducing barbara as vantine watches jealously. he successfully persuades barbara to leave gary for him but recants after visiting gary in the swamp and learning how deeply he loves barbara. carson has also seen that barbara is unsuited for the primitive conditions on the plantation, as is gary, and he has a painful memory of his own mother's death on the plantation when he was a boy. he decides to send both of them back to more civilized surroundings. at the story's climax, carson turns barbara's feelings against himself by pretending that he never loved her, at which point she shoots him. this provides a cover for vantine and carson to save barbara's marriage and reputation by insisting to gary that barbara rejected carson's advances. the film ends after carson has sent the willises away, with vantine reading bedtime stories to him as he recuperates from the gunshot wound, and he playfully tries to fondle her.
corpus document390
red-headed woman
lilian "lil" andrews (jean harlow) is a young woman, living in ohio, who will do anything to improve herself. she seduces her wealthy boss william "bill" legendre jr. (chester morris) and cleverly breaks up his marriage with his loving wife irene (leila hyams). irene reconsiders and tries to reconcile with bill, only to find he has married lil the previous day. however, lil finds herself shunned by high society, including bill's father, will legendre, sr. (lewis stone), because of her lower-class origins and homewrecking. when charles b. gaerste (henry stephenson), a nationally known coal tycoon and the main customer of the legendres' company, visits the city, lil thinks she has found a way to force her way into the highest social circles. she seduces charles, then blackmails him into throwing a party at her mansion, knowing that no one would dare offend him by not showing up. it seems like a social coup for lil, until her hairdresser friend and confidante sally (una merkel) points out that all the guests have left early to attend a surprise party for irene (who lives across the street). humiliated, she decides to move to new york city, even if it means a temporary separation from her husband. will sr. finds lil's handkerchief at gaerste's place and correctly guesses what lil has done. he shows his evidence to his son, who hires detectives to watch lil. they find that she is conducting not one, but two affairs, with charles and his handsome french chauffeur albert (charles boyer). bill shows charles damning photographs. when lil learns that charles has found out about her, she returns to bill, only to find him with irene. furious, she shoots him, but he survives and refuses to have her charged with attempted murder. however, he does divorce her, and remarries irene. two years later, he sees her again, at a racetrack in paris, in the company of an aged frenchman. he discreetly hides irene's binoculars. in the final scene, lil and her elderly companion get into a limousine driven by albert.
corpus document391
the rich are always with us
new york city socialite caroline grannard and her wealthy stockbroker husband greg seemingly have a happy marriage until she learns about his affair with allison adair. when she confronts him, he confesses he wants a divorce. while en route to an assignment in romania, novelist and war correspondent julian tierney, long in love with caroline, meets her in paris after her divorce is finalized and asks her to marry him. although she insists she no longer has feelings for her ex-husband, she asks julian for time to consider his proposal, and he departs without her. caroline returns to the united states and discovers greg and alison are expecting a baby. malbro, who has been trying to entice julian into a romantic relationship without much success, advises caroline he is planning to travel to china and india in hopes of forgetting her. caroline tells julian she loves him as well and they spend the night together. when allison learns about their tryst, she tries to create a scandal but is stopped by malbro and greg. on their way home, the couple become involved in a heated discussion in the car and are involved in a crash in which allison is killed and greg is injured severely. when caroline visits greg in the hospital, he begs, "don't leave me." his doctor tells her the hope of a reconciliation will help greg recover faster. she tells him, "i won't leave you greg." when caroline sees julian, she tells him that she cannot leave with him because she must take care of greg. however, she arranges for a judge, hospitalized in a nearby room, to marry her and julian before he departs for the far east, and she promises to join him there once greg has recuperated fully.
corpus document392
ride him, cowboy
john drury (john wayne) is passing through when townsfolk are about to kill duke, a horse they believe to be dangerous. he convinces them to reprieve the animal if he can ride it. he does, earning the gratitude of ruth gaunt (ruth hall). he then volunteers to deal with an outlaw known as the hawk who has been terrorizing the area. solid citizen henry simms (frank hagney) volunteers to guide him to the hawk's territory. but simms is actually the hawk and he ties drury to a tree, leaving him to die. simms then leads a raid on a ranch, kills a man and plants drury's harmonica at the scene. with the help of his horse duke, drury manages to free himself. however, a group of vigilantes, believing that he is the hawk, accuse him of murder and take him to face a hanging judge. fortunately, ruth shows up, with the news that a wounded witness has regained consciousness and confirmed drury's claim that simms is the real bandit. simms' men burst in and hold everyone at gunpoint. simms takes ruth with him to his hideout, but drury manages to escape and follow them. the posse overpowers simms' henchmen and captures the rest of the gang. simms and drury fight; when drury is distracted by the arrival of help, simms knocks him out and tries to flee, only to run into the deadly hooves of an enraged duke.
corpus document393
ridin' for justice
buck randall (buck jones), a carefree cowboy whose popularity with the local saloon girls becomes the talk of the town. the new marshal, joseph slyde (russell simpson), gets on buck's bad side by enforcing a "no gun" rule. buck returns the favor by falling in love with the marshal's mistreated wife, mary (mary doran), and she asks her husband for a divorce so she can marry buck.[2]
corpus document394
rockabye
when stage actress judy carroll testifies on behalf of her former lover, accused embezzler al howard, she loses custody of elizabeth, an orphan she had planned to adopt. her devoted manager antonie "tony" de sola urges her to travel to europe with her alcoholic mother snooks to alleviate her emotional pain. while there she reads a play entitled rockabye, which eerily resembles recent events in her life. despite tony's qualms, she is determined to star in a broadway production. playwright jacob van riker pell is certain the sophisticated judy will be unable to portray convincingly his heroine, a tough girl from second avenue, until she confesses she was raised there herself. the two hit it off and judy convinces tony to produce the play. on the verge of divorce, jake proposes he and judy wed as soon as he is free. jake fails to appear at the opening night party for rockabye, and his mother tells judy her daughter-in-law has just had a baby and asks her to forget her son. when jake finally arrives and assures her he still wants to marry her, judy insists he return to his wife and newborn child. devastated, she is comforted by tony, who finally reveals his feelings for her.
corpus document395
scarface
in 1920s chicago, italian immigrant antonio "tony" camonte acts on the orders of italian mafioso john "johnny" lovo and kills "big" louis costillo, the leading crime boss of the city's south side. johnny then takes control of the south side with tony as his key lieutenant, selling large amounts of illegal beer to speakeasies and muscling in on bars run by rival outfits. however, johnny repeatedly warns tony not to mess with the irish gangs led by o'hara, who runs the north side. tony soon starts ignoring these orders, shooting up bars belonging to o'hara, and attracting the attention of the police and rival gangsters. johnny realizes that tony is out of control and has ambitions to take his position. meanwhile, tony pursues johnny's girlfriend poppy with increasing confidence. at first, she is dismissive of him but pays him more attention as his reputation rises. at one point, she visits his "gaudy" apartment where he shows her his view of an electric billboard advertising cook's tours, which features the slogan that has inspired him: "the world is yours." tony eventually decides to declare war and take over the north side. he sends the coin flipping guino rinaldo, one of his best men and also his close friend, to kill o'hara in a florist's shop that he uses as his base. this brings heavy retaliation from the north side gangs, now led by gaffney and armed with thompson submachine guns—a weapon that instantly captures tony's dark imagination. tony leads his own forces to destroy the north side gangs and take over their market, even to the point of impersonating police officers to gun down several rivals in a garage. tony also kills gaffney as he makes a strike at a bowling alley. johnny believes that his protégé is trying to take over, and he arranges for tony to be assassinated while driving in his car. tony manages to escape this attack, and he and guino kill johnny, leaving tony as the undisputed boss of the city. tony's actions have provoked a public outcry, and the police are slowly closing in. then he sees his beloved sister francesca ("cesca") with guino, and kills his friend in a jealous rage—before the couple can inform him of their secret marriage. his sister runs out distraught and tells the police what he has done. the police move to arrest tony for guino's murder, and tony holes up in his house and prepares to shoot it out. cesca comes back, planning to kill him, but ends up helping him to fight the police. moments later, however, she is killed by a stray bullet. as the apartment fills with tear gas, tony leaves down the stairs, and the police confront him. tony pleads for his life, but then makes a break for it, only to be gunned down by the police. outside, the electric billboard blazes "the world is yours."
corpus document396
scarlet dawn
when russian revolutionaries overrun his country estate, baron nikita krasnoff (douglas fairbanks, jr.) barely escapes with his life by killing one of them and switching clothes. his story is suspicious, so the household servant tanyusha (nancy carroll) is found and brought to identify him. to his surprise, she does not betray him, and they are released. he is even allowed to "loot" one of his own possessions, a sword with the fabulous krasnoff pearl necklace hidden in a secret compartment in the scabbard. krasnoff sets off for turkey; tanyusha accompanies him, much to his puzzlement. to get past a checkpoint, they hide in a car. when they are discovered, krasnoff offers to pay, exchanging a single strand of pearls at a time as their journey continues. when the couple falls asleep, the greedy car owner and his driver rob them and force them out of the vehicle. however, when the crooks try to run another checkpoint, they are killed by the guards. krasnoff and tanyusha continue on foot. the first night, krasnoff tries to take advantage of his companion, but when she resists his advances, he desists. eventually, they reach constantinople, where krasnoff gets a job as a dishwasher, while tanyusha scrubs floors at a hospital. krasnoff marries tanyusha. one day, restaurant patron vera zimina (lilyan tashman) is astonished to find her ex-lover krasnoff working as a busboy. she enlists him for a moneymaking scheme. tired of his wretched existence, krasnoff goes off with vera, telling his wife that he will send her money. however, his letters are intercepted by the landlady. vera has befriended the wealthy mr. murphy (guy kibbee). krasnoff is assigned to romance murphy's daughter marjorie (sheila terry). vera then gives krasnoff an excellent imitation of the krasnoff pearls to sell to the trusting murphys. when he proves reluctant, she shows him a turkish proclamation announcing that all unemployed russians are to be deported back to the soviet union. it does not have the effect she intended though. krasnoff, afraid that his wife will be sent back, confesses the truth to marjorie and rushes off to find tanyusha. he cannot find her and is picked up by the turkish police for deportation. he is reunited with tanyusha, and together, they board the ship taking them to a grim future.
corpus document397
shanghai express
in 1931, china is embroiled in a civil war. friends of british captain donald "doc" harvey (clive brook) envy him because the fabulously notorious shanghai lily (marlene dietrich) is a fellow passenger on the express train from peking to shanghai. because the name means nothing to him, they inform him that she is a "coaster" or "woman who lives by her wits along the china coast" – in other words, a courtesan. on the journey, harvey encounters lily, who turns out to be his former lover, madeline. five years earlier, she had played a trick on harvey to gauge his love for her, but it backfired and he left her. she frankly informs him that, in the interim, "it took more than one man to change my name to shanghai lily." when lily makes it clear that she still cares deeply for him, it becomes apparent that his feelings also have not changed when she inadvertently sees the watch she gave him with her photograph still in it. among the other passengers are fellow coaster hui fei (anna may wong), lily's companion; christian missionary mr. carmichael (lawrence grant), who at first condemns the two "fallen women"; inveterate gambler sam salt (eugene pallette); opium dealer eric baum (gustav von seyffertitz); boarding house keeper mrs. haggerty (louise closser hale); french officer major lenard (emile chautard) and a mysterious eurasian, henry chang (warner oland). chinese government soldiers board and search the train and apprehend a high-ranking rebel agent. chang then makes his way to a telegraph office and sends a coded message. later, the train is stopped and taken over by the rebel army and its powerful warlord, who turns out to be chang. chang begins to question the passengers, looking for someone important enough to exchange for his valued aide. he finds what he wants in harvey, who is on his way to perform brain surgery on the governor-general of shanghai. chang offers to take shanghai lily to his palace, but she claims she has reformed. when chang refuses to accept her answer, harvey breaks in and knocks him down. because chang needs harvey alive, he swallows (but does not forget) the insult. chang then has hui fei brought to him in his quarters, where he forces himself on her. the government releases chang's man, but chang decides to blind harvey for his insolence. out of love, lily offers herself in return for harvey's safe release. harvey remains unaware of the danger that he is in and of lily's reason for going with chang. chang is stabbed to death by hui fei who tells harvey what has transpired. finding lily, the trio boards the train and departs before the body is discovered. the missionary carmichael, trusting his instincts, gets lily to reveal the truth about saving harvey. she insists that he not enlighten harvey because love must go hand in hand with faith. when the train finally reaches shanghai safely, lily offers harvey her love unconditionally but demands the same in return. harvey finally breaks down and embraces her.
corpus document398
shopworn
waitress kitty lane and wealthy david livingston fall in love. however his overly protective mother helen does not approve and does everything she can to break them up. she has her friend judge forbes first try bribery; when that fails, he arranges to have her jailed on a bogus morals charge. meanwhile, mrs. livingston convinces her son that kitty took the $5000 bribe. as the years pass, kitty becomes a successful showgirl, with numerous admirers, while david is a doctor. when their paths cross again, their love is rekindled, though kitty is skeptical of david's resolve in the face of his mother's unwavering opposition. david finally convinces her to marry him. alarmed, mrs. livingston goes to see kitty. she begs her to break off the engagement, fearing her son's career will be ruined, but kitty is unmoved. in desperation, the distraught mother pulls out a gun. kitty manages to take it away from the confused woman, but is touched by her pleas. when david shows up, mrs. livingston hides while kitty puts on an act, pretending that she only agreed to marry him to get back at his mother. david is finally convinced, but then a repentant mrs. livingston stops him from leaving and confesses the truth.
corpus document399
silver dollar
kansas farmer yates martin (edward g. robinson) uproots his uncomplaining wife sarah (aline macmahon) and baby son to 1876 colorado in search of gold. he buys a claim, then immediately abandons it when two prospectors tell him of a strike in leadville. taking sarah's prudent advice, he sets up a store there. to her dismay, however, he stakes miners in return for partnerships in their diggings. just as the martins run out of money and decide to return to kansas, prospectors rische and hook show up with the news that they have struck it rich, not with gold but with silver, and yates has a third share of it. yates spends his new-found riches with great abandon, purchasing, among other things, a claim from a seemingly downtrodden miner for $50,000, over his suspicious wife's objections. he is asked to run for lieutenant governor of colorado. when his foreman informs him that the claim he bought is worthless, yates tells him to keep on digging, at least until the election is over, so that he will not look like a fool. as it turns out, not only does he win the election, the claim yields a lode even richer than his first. yates decides to build denver an opulent opera house. as he is inspecting its construction, he meets the alluring lily owens (bebe daniels), who becomes his mistress. at the grand opening of the opera house, yates' guest of honor is none other than general ulysses s. grant. yates sets his sights higher, using his money to take the vacated seat of a u.s. senator. he divorces a heartbroken sarah and marries lily in washington, dc, with the president as a wedding guest. however, when the president decides to put the country on the gold standard, the price of silver plummets, and yates loses everything except the matchless mine, which is not worth working at the current price. he declines sarah's offer of money. a friend obtains the post of postmaster of denver for him, but yates collapses and dies penniless.
corpus document400
sinister hands
a millionaire is murdered at a séance at a fortune-teller’s home. detective capt herbert devlin, played by jack mulhall, and detective watkins investigate the crime only to discover all attendees have a motive.[1]
corpus document401
sinners in the sun
doris blake (carole lombard) works as a top model for louis in a very chic new york city dress shop. her boyfriend jimmie martin (chester morris) is a mechanic. when he comes to pick her up, he talks about marriage, but she argues they both have no money. at a picnic, they quarrel again, and he breaks up with her. later, doris meets the very rich, very eccentric claire kinkaid (adrienne ames) at the shop. to doris's surprise, claire does not much care for her own lavish lifestyle. claire asks her if she has a boyfriend; when doris tells her they broke up, claire tells her that's the only thing she wants. jimmie is standing outside. when doris and claire step out, he pretends to be fixing a fancy car, which turns out to be claire's. when he wishes he could drive it, she invites him to do just that. then, she offers him a job as her chauffeur. he accepts because he wants a change of scenery, far away from doris. later, jimmie drives claire to a charity fashion show, where doris is one of the models (though jimmie has to leave before she goes on). doris "borrows" a swimsuit and goes for a swim before the show. she meets eric nelson (walter byron). when he becomes too fresh and kisses her, doris slaps him, twice, and swims away. eric sees her modeling. at the end of the party, she meets his wife. eric assures her they will be divorcing soon. on the way home, claire proposes to jimmie. he turns her down. meanwhile, eric gets doris to go out with him night after night. her father becomes fed up with her (innocent) involvement with a married man and throws her out. when jimmie finds out, he tells claire he is quitting. she inquires if it is because of the girl he cannot forget, then asks him again to marry her. this time, he accepts. when doris reads in the newspaper about jimmie and claire's wedding. she becomes upset. though she had turned down jewelry from eric, now she accepts his lavish gifts and spending on her. doris acquires an unwanted admirer, ridgeway, who has grown tired of lil. lil confides to her friend doris that she is in love with ridgeway, then takes poison. jimmie runs into doris at a restaurant. he lashes out at her verbally and stalks out. then, ridgeway shows up with the news that eric has patched things up with his wife. ridgeway gives her a check from eric and makes it clear he expects to take eric's place. doris tells him to get out. jimmie tells claire that seeing doris has made him realize what he is, a kept man. they part amicably. eric finds doris working as a dressmaker and tells her that he has gotten a divorce. he asks her to marry him, but she turns him down. just then, jimmie's dog finds her. jimmie has struck out on his own in his own business. the couple reconcile.
corpus document402
sky bride
bert "speed" condon (richard arlen) is the star of the "speed condon flying circus". the troupe of barnstorming pilots includes "wild bill" adams (harold goodwin), eddie smith (tom douglas) and their manager, alec "ma" dugan (jack oakie). performing in small towns across the country, speed and his friends are known for their stunt flying as much as giving "joy rides" for paying customers. speed and eddie try a dangerous mock "dog fight" that ends with eddie's death. a remorseful speed quits flying and heads to los angeles on foot, finding work as a mechanic at the beck aircraft company. the company secretary, ruth dunning (virginia bruce), is convinced that the new mechanic is hiding a secret. a budding romance is stymied by her suitor, pilot jim carmichael (charles starrett). his former manager, determined to find speed, wants him to rejoin the barnstorming group. when he locates speed, alec finds that he is still working in aviation and is living at the local boardinghouse run by eddie's mother (louise closser hale), who is unaware that speed caused her son's death. eddie's nephew willie (robert coogan) is crazy about flying and wants to become a parachute jumper like others who perform at air shows. when willie becomes accidentally trapped in the landing gear of an aircraft flown by jim carmichael, speed realizes that he has to go up in another aircraft and free the young boy. after completing the daring aerial rescue, speed finally is able to deal with his grief and guilt, and reveals to mrs. smith what happened to her son. speed then asks ruth out on a date for the dance that night, while alec has to come to willie's rescue when the young daredevil parachutes from the boardinghouse roof.
corpus document403
sky devils
in 1917, lifeguards wilkie (spencer tracy) and mitchell (george cooper) who can not even swim, are trying to keep out of the war. when a man is drowning, u.s. army air corps sergeant hogan (william boyd) rescues the drowning man but they are quick to claim credit. when the pair go to a red cross benefit boxing match, they again encounter the sergeant, billed as "one punch" hogan but wilkie surprisingly knocks him out, before sneaking out with mitchell, as a crowd gathers. the two friends swear they will never join the army but relent and later, wind up in uniform, shovelling manure. determined to find a way out, wilkie and mitchell desert and head off to south america, hopping in a manure truck leaving the base. after stowing away on a ship, they find out they are on a troop ship with army air corps pilots going to france. wilkie and mitchell pretend they want to fly and are sent to train at an american aviation field. doing their best to not become pilots, while on guard duty, wilkie competes with sgt. hogan for the attentions of fifi (yola d'avril), a french performer. after a dustup at a nightclub, the two rivals make a quick exit, hiding in a car driven by mary way (ann dvorak). startled by the men, she crashes, but all are unharmed. wilkie and hogan escort her to an inn for the evening. in the morning, wilkie has breakfast with mary and cons hogan into fixing her car. military police looking for the two and come and arrest them, as well as mary thought to be a spy. wilkie, hogan and mary escape in an aircraft, but land in enemy territory and are captured. accidentally releasing two bombs, they bomb a german munitions depot. the air corps colonel (billy bevan) sends a squadron to rescue the trio, with mitchell scaring the germans by his inept maneuvers. after their rescue, the three heroes fly home but wilkie again accidentally pulls the lever for the bomb release, this time bombing his own base.
corpus document404
skyscraper souls
the film depicts the aspirations and lives of several people in the seacoast national bank building. among them is david dwight, the womanizing bank owner who keeps his estranged wife, ella, happy by paying her bills. his secretary sarah wants him to get a divorce so they can marry.
corpus document405
smilin' through
john carteret (leslie howard) is a wealthy man with a huge estate. he was set to marry moonyeen clare (norma shearer), but on their wedding day she was accidentally killed during the wedding ceremony by her drunken and jealous ex-fiance jeremy wayne (fredric march), who actually meant to kill john. john has spent the rest of his life in mourning. however, moonyeen has kept in touch with him from the next life. he continues to live on the estate, and has a special place where he communicates with her spirit. his close friend dr. owens (o.p. heggie) tells him of moonyeen's niece kathleen, whose parents have drowned at sea. he begs john to adopt the child, and he does. kathleen is five, but as she grows older she looks exactly like the dead moonyeen (and is also played by norma shearer). her childhood friend willie (ralph forbes) wants to marry her, but she is interested in kenneth wayne (also played by fredric march), whom she meets in unexpected and romantic circumstances. however, kenneth is the son of jeremy, moonyeen's killer, who disappeared and was never found. john refuses to let them marry and threatens to disinherit her. she leaves with kenneth, but he sends her back again because he does not want to ruin her life. however, john has been deeply affected by the events and has lost his ability to communicate with his dead fiancee, who perceives his anger and hatred as having set up a barrier she cannot overcome. kenneth enlists in the army and is gone for four years, returning as a disabled war veteran. he hides his condition, claims he no longer cares for kathleen, and plans to return to america. john finds out the truth from dr. owens. he sees that kenneth really cares for kathleen and is not like his wastrel father. he tells kathleen, and she runs off to tell kenneth she still cares for him. john sits down to play chess with dr. owens, but apparently dozes off. amused, dr. owens leaves him so that he can take his nap. john, however, has actually died, and he is reunited with moonyeen, just as kathleen is heard returning with kenneth.
corpus document406
so big
following the death of her mother, selina peake and her father, simeon, move to chicago, where she enrolls in finishing school. her father is killed, leaving her penniless, and selina's friend, julie hemple, helps her find a job as a schoolteacher in a small dutch community. selina moves in with the poole family and tutors their son roelf. selina eventually marries immigrant farmer, pervus de jong, and gives birth to dirk , nicknamed "so big", who becomes the primary focus of her life. when pervus dies, selina struggles to keep the farm afloat so she can afford to finance her son's education, hoping he will become an architect. dirk becomes involved with a married woman, who arranges for him to get a job as a bond salesman in her husband's firm, making much more money than as an apprentice architect. eventually he meets and falls in love with unconventional artist dallas o'mara, but she refuses to marry him because of his lack of ambition. roelf, now a renowned sculptor, meets dirk and, learning selina is his mother, reunites with his former tutor. she is pleased to know her influence helped mold roelf's character, even as she accepts her own son's weaknesses and disappointments.
corpus document407
speak easily
prof. post (buster keaton) is a shy classics professor at potts college, who has lived a sheltered life and has little experience of life outside of academia. feeling that the professor should see more of the real world, his assistant tricks the professor into thinking that he has inherited $750,000, allowing the professor to leave academia and see the world. boarding a train bound for new york city, prof. post encounters james (jimmy durante), the manager of a dancing troupe that has an engagement in the backwater town of fish's switch. the professor becomes infatuated with one of the dancers, pansy peets (ruth selwyn), and accidentally alights at fish's switch when attempting to learn her name. he attends a performance by the dancing troupe at the local theatre, and is impressed by their act. feeling that the troupe should continue their act, the professor finances the troupe and takes them to perform on broadway, but only after james insists that the act be improved to a higher standard. post's suggestions of using inspiration from ancient greece are taken on board, with some minor alterations, and the show is turned into a grandiose musical revue. although post wishes that pansy be the leading lady, the show is quickly turned into a star-vehicle for spoiled actress eleanor espere (thelma todd), who attempts to win over the professor in order to take total control over both the show and the money it is expected to earn at its debut. pansy attempts to warn the professor of eleanor's bad influence, with mixed results. on the night of the show's debut, james discovers that prof. post does not really have the $750,000 he believes to possess and attempts to keep him away from the production for fear of ruining it. the professor stumbles on-stage at several points, amusing the audience who think it to be part of the act, and ensuring the success of the show. however, his antics cause eleanor to throw a tantrum, and prof. post is finally able to admit his love to pansy.
corpus document408
state's attorney
john barrymore plays near-alcoholic defense attorney tom cardigan who handles a lot of cases for his childhood friend, gangster valentine "vanny" powers (william "stage" boyd who used "stage" as his middle name to distinguish him from the better known william boyd of hopalong cassidy fame). powers thinks it would be a good idea for cardigan to become attorney general so his friend could do an occasional favor in return for powers delivering the votes. cardigan warns him that if cardigan goes over to "the other side," powers can expect no favors from him. meanwhile, cardigan decides to defend a homeless woman, june perry (helen twelvetrees), accused of “tapping at the window” and, after secretly fitting her with a wedding ring he keeps in his pocket, frees her by noting the presence of said ring (inferring she therefore could not be loitering for prostitution). he takes her home and, in a plot twist the production code would not allow, june stays there overnight. and every night thereafter. cardigan's success as attorney general makes him a likely candidate for governor. a political kingmaker thinks it's possible and his daughter, lillian (jill esmond), begins dating cardigan. during a drunken spree, they get married and he then goes home to tell june the bad news. during his explanation, he realizes he has made a terrible mistake and that he loves june, not lillian. nonetheless, june leaves and cardigan goes on a honeymoon bender for several days, alone. meanwhile, june has returned to her old friends in the powers mob at a bar. unfortunately, she walks outside just in time to see powers murder a man in cold blood. she turns and walks quickly away. powers catches up with her and threatens to kill her unless june keeps her mouth shut. she agrees but an off-stage policeman overhears her agreement and jails her as a material witness. an italian tenor, mario (albert conti), confronts cardigan as he is sobering up, saying he wants to marry lillian. breathing a sigh of relief, cardigan says he will annul his marriage. later, cardigan interviews the material witness and finds it's june (who refuses to return to him, thinking he has betrayed his values so he can become governor). she adamantly maintains she did not see the murder so he releases her as a witness. at powers' trial, the defense springs june as a surprise witness, forcing her to admit that she could see the killer but didn't see the murder and didn't recognize powers. shocking his assistants, cardigan decides not to cross-examine her. powers laughs heartily, stopping cardigan in his tracks. the attorney general then withdraws his waiver, whispering “that laugh is going to cost you your neck” to powers and promptly badgers and confuses june so that she blurts out an identification of powers as the killer. begging the court's indulgence, cardigan abruptly announces that his assistants will handle the rest of the case. he then confesses that he had been sent to reform school—with powers—for burglary and will therefore not run for governor, returning to his defense attorney status immediately. (powers had threatened to blackmail him if cardigan prosecuted him.) outside, june congratulates him for his courage and for choosing his values over his ambition. they embrace and leave hand in hand.
corpus document409
the stoker
a man whose wife has deserted him winds up saving a beautiful girl from the clutches of a murderous bandit on a nicaraguan coffee plantation.[1]
corpus document410
the strange case of clara deane
a young dress designer marries an insurance agent. they soon have a daughter, but what the wife doesn't know is that her husband is actually a criminal, who soon involves her—unwittingly—in robbery. sentenced to prison, she gives up her baby for adoption. when she is released 15 years later, she set out to find her long-lost daughter. a police inspector get involved in her search and, for reasons of his own, tries to dissuade her from finding her child.
corpus document411
strange interlude
gordon shaw was a flyer who was shot down and killed during world war i. nina (norma shearer) would have married him before he left, but her father forbade the marriage. charlie (ralph morgan) is a friend, but nina does not love him; and he is too timid, too shy, to tell her the way he feels about her. sam (alexander kirkland) is her husband, but her love for him disappears after the ceremony, when she finds out that there is mental illness in his family and that there can be no children. to have the child she wants, but cannot have with sam, she has a secret affair with ned (clark gable), who wants her to leave sam. gordon evans (robert young) is the result of the affair, but he does not know ned is his real father. nina continues to play with the emotions of all three men and devote herself only to gordon.
corpus document412
a successful calamity
henry wilton is a successful financier who is returning to america after a year away in europe helping to arrange war debt repayments. he looks forward to being reunited with his family, including his much-younger second wife emmy, his daughter peggy and his son eddie. however, when he arrives in his hometown on the train the only one there to greet him is his butler, connors, much to henry's dismay. the butler informs him that he is home a day earlier than expected, and that peggy is an aspiring actress and eddie is a polo player. they visit eddie at the polo field, then arrive home, where they find that emmy is having guests over at a music recital by composer pietro rafaelo. henry further finds that in his absence emmy has redecorated his bedroom in the art nouveau style, and removed his comfortable chair, which connors has taken for safekeeping. while in connors' room, henry is visited by george struthers, peggy's fortune-hunting fiance who she plans to marry for his money. henry tries to buy a stock from partington, his business rival, who refuses to honour an agreement they had to sell it at a certain price, claiming that the agreement is not in writing. meanwhile, the wilton family are rarely spending much time together, and henry becomes tired of his family's hectic social schedule. when connors tells him that the poor can't go out too often, henry decides to feign poverty to test his family's mettle. accordingly, henry tells his wife and children that he is ruined, and they rally to his side. they decide to give up their plans and stay home for dinner, leading to a frantic effort by the servants to come up with food. furthermore, emmy regrets her extravagance, peggy gives up her engagement to george for larry rivers, who she is really in love with, and eddie decides to get a job as a pilot, and goes to partington for a letter of introduction. partington is delighted to hear that henry is ruined, and assumes that the stock he holds will lose its value and wants to get rid of it as soon as possible. henry then buys partington's stock by acting through a third party, at a price lower than that they had agreed upon, and that partington had paid for it in the first place. meanwhile, emmy says she is going out for a walk, and goes off in a car with pietro. avenged on his rival, henry comes home and tells his children that he is not ruined after all, but they tell him that emmy has gone out and seems to have deserted him. however, emmy comes back and tells them that she had gone out to pawn her jewelry in order to help him, and that she was happiest when they were poor and could not go out, and thus able to spend time as a family.
corpus document413
symphony of six million
felix '"felixel" klauber (ricardo cortez), a brilliant young man from a tight-knit jewish family living in new york city's lower east side ghetto, becomes a physician, as he has wanted to do since childhood, eventually establishing himself as a park avenue doctor catering to the wealthy after working his way up from being a doctor at a lower east side clinic. he is spurred on in his ambitions by an older brother, who is materialistic and uses felix's love for their mother to insist that felix better his station in life for the benefit of his family. felix's success causes him to become estranged from both his family and the community back in the old neighborhood, including his childhood friend jessica (irene dunne), who has been disabled with a spine malady since she was young girl. jessica becomes a teacher of blind children. felix begins ignoring the clinic he established in the old neighborhood as well as his familial and community obligations. a blind child, a student of jessica, perishes as felix is tardy in offering his help. felix operates on his beloved father, who has a brain tumor, and is mortified when he dies on the table. he turns away from surgery and his gift of healing, concentrating on catering to well-heeled hypochondriacs. then, jessica—who has loved felix all her life—requires an operation on her spine. can he overcome his fears and insecurities to save her life?
corpus document414
tarzan the ape man
james parker (c. aubrey smith) and harry holt (neil hamilton) travel in africa on a quest for the legendary elephant burial grounds and their ivory. they are joined by parker's daughter jane (maureen o'sullivan). holt is attracted to jane, and tries somewhat ineffectively to protect her from the jungle's dangers. he notably fails to prevent her abduction by the jungle's guardian, the mysterious tarzan (johnny weissmuller) and his ape allies. the experience is terrifying to jane at first, but as their relationship develops, she finds herself happy: "not a bit afraid, not a bit sorry." as she returns to her father, her feelings are brought to a test. she wants tarzan to come with her to london, and to be part of her world. but tarzan turns his back on her and returns to the jungle. her father tells her that is where tarzan belongs, she cries, "no dad, he belongs to me." the expedition is captured by a tribe of aggressive dwarfs. jane sends tarzan's ape friend cheeta (jiggs) for help, bringing tarzan to their rescue. during the rescue, tarzan summons elephants and they escape from the dwarf's stronghold, although jane's father dies from wounds just as they reach the elephant graveyard. jane decides to stay in the jungle with tarzan and in the final scene, to the music of tchaikovsky's romeo and juliet, the happy couple appear on a rock, jane holding cheeta like a baby.
corpus document415
taxi!
when a veteran cab driver, pop riley (guy kibbee), refuses to be pressured into surrendering his prime soliciting location outside a cafe, where his daughter works, the old man's cab is intentionally wrecked by a ruthless mob seeking to dominate the cab industry. upon learning of the "accidental" destruction of his cab (and along with it his livelihood), the old man retrieves his handgun and shoots the bullying man known to be responsible, which lands him in prison, where he dies of poor health in fairly short order. pop's waitressing daughter, sue (loretta young), is asked by a scrappy young cab driver, matt (james cagney), to lend moral support to a resistance movement populated by other drivers, who are also experiencing similar strong-arm tactics by the same aggressive group of thugs. however, after enduring the crushing loss of her father, sue undergoes a complete ethical reversal about the notion of fighting back, feels thoroughly sickened by the violence and bloodshed, and she angrily tells the drivers as much. her unpredictably wilful but passionate rant instantly lands her on matt's bad side, although he eventually has a redemptive change of heart, then seeks to charm sue into becoming his girlfriend. they start dating and compete in a foxtrot. matt and sue get married. on their wedding night they go to a nightclub with matt's brother dan. they are all taunted by buck gerard, the man responsible for the attacks on cab drivers. sue stops matt from attacking buck, but buck stabs and kills dan. matt doesn't tell the police who killed dan so he can get revenge himself. sue warns buck's girlfriend, marie, that matt is after him. matt tracks down buck but sue and marie keep him away from buck long enough for the police to arrive. matt fires a gun at the room buck is hiding in but buck has fallen to his death while trying to escape. sue decides to leave matt but changes her mind.
corpus document416
the tenderfoot
calvin jones (joe e. brown), a naive cowboy from texas, comes to new york city, determined to take care of his mother by investing his life savings in a broadway show. he is duped by producers lehman (lew cody) and mclure into buying a 49-percent interest in their new show, a surefire flop. lehman's beautiful secretary, ruth weston (ginger rogers), catches the shy cowboy's eye. jones makes up his mind to produce the play by himself after lehman and mclure close it out of town. when he can't pay for proper costumes, his star actress quits, so ruth goes on in her place. although the play is a drama, it is so poorly done that the audience mistakes it for a comedy. the laughter makes it a surprise comedy hit. jones and ruth make a big profit, get married and decide to live in texas.
corpus document417
texas cyclone
pecos grant rides into a strange town only to find that everyone recognizes him, but not as pecos grant.
corpus document418
that's my boy
expecting to become a doctor, thomas jefferson scott enrolls at thorpe university. a football coach there, "daisy" adams, finds out that while small, tommy is quick and elusive and a natural at the sport. tommy isn't interested in football, but jumps at the coach's offer of free tuition. for the next two seasons, tommy is a star player, nicknamed "snakehips," and a hero on campus. but he resents that while he's worth a fortune to the college, he has little money and has jeopardized his future in medicine and with fiancee dorothy by concentrating on football instead. tommy demands $50,000. a university alumnus, sedgwick, who is a stockbroker, sets up a holding company in which investors can put their money into tommy's potential earnings. everything goes wrong. sedgwick's investments are poor, he loses all of the money and commits suicide. dorothy's father, who dislikes tommy, tempts him with $50,000 if he will break off their engagement. tommy thinks it over, then asks for $100,000. the crowd boos tommy on the football field until the newspapers report that tommy took the 100 grand and replenished the fund, ensuring everyone's investments. to the fans' cheers, tommy wins the game for thorpe, the ends up marrying dorothy.
corpus document419
they call it sin
small-town church organist marion cullen (young) falls in love with traveling salesman jimmy decker. when she learns that the couple who raised her are not really her parents, and that she is actually the illegitimate daughter of a showgirl, she sets out for new york city in search of jimmy. however, she discovers that he is engaged to enid hollister, his boss's daughter. dr. travers, who is in love with marion, offers to help her out, but she decides to try to make it on her own. jobs are scarce, however. she ends up with other hopeful showgirls, among them dixie dare, hoping to audition for a part in ford humphries' new production. the philandering humphries likes what he sees in marion, and hires her as a piano accompanist. dixie gets a job as well, and she and marion become friends and roommates. travers sees humphries and marion together, and knowing the former's reputation, brings jimmy to humphries' party. jimmy tells marion that he loves her, but she refuses to break up his marriage. when she also refuses humphries' advances, he fires her, but decides to use one of the songs she has composed in his production, claiming he wrote it himself. when she finds out, she confronts him, but he denies everything. jimmy goes to humphries' suite to try to convince him to do the right thing. during their argument, humphries stumbles and falls onto the balcony below and ends up in a coma. jimmy flees the scene, but the police have a description of him and suspect him of attempted murder. to shield jimmy, marion confesses to the non-existent crime. desperate, travers operates on humphries for hours; humphries regains consciousness and explains what really happened in front of witnesses before dying. marion is released, and becomes engaged to travers.
corpus document420
they just had to get married
when wealthy henry davidson dies, he leaves all his money to his faithful butler, sam sutton (summerville), and maid, molly hull (pitts), who are finally able to get married. their new lives as millionaires gets them involved with flirtatious lola montrose (teasdale) and davidson's relative hillary hume (young), and complications ensue. sam and molly lose everything, break up, and are finally tricked into reconciling.[4][5]
corpus document421
they never come back
distracted just before the fight by the news that his mother has died, boxer jimmy nolan is defeated in the ring. as he and his sister mary attend the funeral, jimmy also deals with an injured arm from the fight. at a nightclub jerry filmore owns, jimmy meets dancer adele, who is filmore's romantic interest as well. a ticket taker at the door, ralph landon, takes $500 from the till and plants it on jimmy, framing him. jimmy goes to jail. ralph falls in love with mary and confides to her that he owed $1,000 to filmore and set up her brother on his behalf. jimmy gets out of jail, accepts a fight and wins a $1,000 prize, settling ralph's account with filmore. it leads to a fistfight between the two men. jimmy wins that one as well.
corpus document422
thirteen women
thirteen women, who were sorority sisters at the all girl's college st. alban's, all write to a clairvoyant "swami" (c. henry gordon) who by mail sends each a horoscope foreseeing swift doom. however, the clairvoyant is under the sway of ursula georgi (myrna loy), a half-javanese eurasian woman who was snubbed at school by the other women owing to her mixed-race heritage, eventually forcing georgi to leave school. she now seeks revenge by manipulating the women into killing themselves or each other. she also goads the clairvoyant into killing himself by falling into the path of a subway train. the victims are set up and killed off one by one until only laura stanhope (irene dunne), living in beverly hills, is still alive. with the help of laura's chauffeur and lover (played by edward j. pawley), ursula tries to kill laura's young son, bobby, with both tainted candy and an explosive rubber ball, but is thwarted. ursula follows laura and bobby as they flee beverly hills by train, unaware that police sergeant barry clive (ricardo cortez) is escorting them. after confronting laura, and apparently hypnotizing her into falling asleep, ursula enters bobby's room and is caught by clive. she then flees to the back of the train and jumps to her own death.
corpus document423
the thirteenth guest
marie morgan (ginger rogers) has been lured to an old abandoned house by a false note from a friend, and is in jeopardy although she doesn't yet realize it. as she sits at the table inside, she thinks back to the banquet held there 13 years earlier, when she was a little girl. only 12 of 13 guests had attended, and the manor's owner, the morgan family patriarch, who was then dying, has since passed on. the chance to claim the bulk of the estate fortune has resulted in an ongoing campaign of murder by someone targeting the original 12 guests, whose dead bodies are being left at the table in the same seats they had occupied originally.
corpus document424
this is the night
when claire mathewson's husband stephen comes back unexpectedly from the 1932 summer olympics, where he was supposed to compete in the javelin throw, he discovers the train tickets for a romantic venice getaway she has planned with her lover gerald. gerald's friend, bunny, lies and says that the tickets are actually for gerald and his wife. with stephen still suspicious, gerald must find a fake wife to go to venice with him. he tries to hire the actress chou-chou, but since her boyfriend is a jealous man, she gives the job to out-of-work germaine, who needs the 2000 franc fee to keep from starving. at first, gerald thinks she is too demure, but she soon convinces him that she can pretend to be a glamorous wife. the two couples go to venice. bunny, attracted to germaine, decides to join them. on the train, stephen questions gerald and germaine about how they met. when they arrive in venice, claire quickly becomes jealous, as both stephen and gerald seem fascinated by germaine. claire eventually demands that gerald send germaine away immediately, so he orders her to leave the next day. meanwhile, a drunken bunny climbs a ladder into germaine's bedroom and offers to take her away. after she turns down his offer, he falls into a canal on his way out and is apprehended by two policemen. stephen believes he hears a burglar and goes to her room to investigate. the two are then caught in a seemingly compromising position by gerald and claire. however, bunny reappears and explains what really happened. her love for her husband rekindled, claire breaks off her affair with gerald. germaine reveals to gerald that she is not in fact chou-chou and decides to return to paris, but gerald catches up to her in a gondola and asks her to marry him.
corpus document425
three on a match
three women who went to the same elementary school, mary (joan blondell), ruth (bette davis), and vivian (ann dvorak), meet again as young adults after some time apart. they each light a cigarette from the same match and discuss the superstition that such an act is unlucky and that vivian, the last to light her cigarette, will be the first to die. mary is a show girl who has established stability in her life after spending some time in a reform school, while ruth works as a stenographer. vivian is the best off of the three, married to successful lawyer robert kirkwood (warren william) and with a young son robert jr. (buster phelps), but she has grown dissatisfied with her life. just before she is about to leave on an ocean cruiser with her son, mary comes along with two men going to a party on the ship, before it leaves. gambler michael loftus (lyle talbot) one of the two men flirts around with vivian and persuades her to run away with him. vivian and michael loftus run a very shabby life, so that mary concerned about vivian's neglect of her son, tells robert (nearly mad about the disappearance of his son) where to find his boy. mary and ruth are very fond of junior so that robert proposes to mary and hires ruth to look after the child. mary and robert marry the same day his divorce from vivian becomes final. meanwhile, vivian's money runs out and michael owes $2,000 to gangster ace (edward arnold), who tells him to pay up or else. desperate, michael tries to blackmail robert by threatening to inform the press about mary's criminal background. when that does not work, he kidnaps robert's boy. however, vivian scrawls a message in lipstick on her nightgown and throws herself out the window of the fourth-floor apartment where she and her son are being held, leading to the child's rescue.
corpus document426
tiger shark
the plot concerns a one-handed tuna fisherman named mike (robinson) whose wife falls for the man he lost his hand saving.
corpus document427
tom brown of culver
a young man (tom brown) attends culver military academy. he is the only son of a deceased soldier who won the congressional medal of honor.
corpus document428
trouble in paradise
in venice, gaston monescu (herbert marshall), a master thief masquerading as a baron, meets lily (miriam hopkins), a beautiful thief and pickpocket posing as a countess. the two fall in love and decide to team up. they leave venice for paris. there, gaston steals a diamond-encrusted purse worth 125,000 francs (about 75,000 euros) from madame mariette colet (kay francis), owner of the famous perfume manufacturer colet and co. when mariette offers a large reward for its return, gaston claims it, giving the name of lavalle. while claiming the reward, gaston charms mariette, and admits to being broke. mariette hires him as her private secretary. he arranges for lily to be employed in mariette's office, and stands up to mariette's board of directors, led by monsieur adolph j. giron (c. aubrey smith), the manager, who is openly suspicious of him. having observed mariette open her private safe (and memorized the combination), gaston persuades her that she should keep a large sum there, including half of her next dividend installment. mariette begins to flirt with gaston, and he begins to have feelings for her. unfortunately for the thieves, mariette has two suitors: the major (charles ruggles), and françois filiba (edward everett horton), who was robbed in venice by gaston (posing as a doctor). françois sees gaston at a garden party, and is sure they have met - but can't immediately recall where. fearing imminent discovery, gaston and lily decide to flee that night with what is in the safe, and not wait for the dividend installment. mariette is invited to a dinner party given by the major. she cannot decide whether to go or to spend the night in bed with gaston. eventually she goes, but not before lily catches on that gaston has fallen for her rival, and wants to back out of the plan. at the party, the major tells françois that he once mistook gaston for a doctor, and françois then recalls the venice incident. françois tells mariette about gaston, but she refuses to believe it's true. lily robs the safe herself after confronting her partner. mariette returns home and suggestively probes gaston, who admits that the safe has been cleaned out, but claims that he himself took the cash. he also tells her that monsieur giron has stolen millions from the firm over the years. lily then confronts mariette and gaston, admitting that it was she who stole the money from the safe. an argument ensues. eventually, mariette allows the two thieves to leave together. as a parting shot, gaston steals a necklace from mariette that lily had her eye on, and, in turn, lily steals it from him, displaying it to him as the taxi takes them away, hugging each other.
corpus document429
two against the world
lawyer dave norton offers a settlement for the destitute family of a man killed while working for the hamilton family firm. the upper-class, wealthy hamiltons gather to decide what to do. they all either vote to fight it in court or, in many cases, simply ignore it. "dell" hamilton is an irresponsible socialite who does the latter. however, she and dave are attracted to each other, despite their very different philosophies of life. he takes her to lunch, and she invites him to an elegant party. at the party, he receives a cold reception from the rest of the family, who consider him far beneath them, but he astonishes them when it is revealed that his family belongs to their own social class. bob, adele's drunkard brother, remains hostile, however, and lies, telling dave that dell invited him only to make a fool of him. dave storms out. the next day, dell interrupts an unhappy meeting at dave's office. she overhears dave tell his client, mrs. polansky, that the hamiltons' lawyers can postpone the case indefinitely. when the client wonders who will feed her hungry children, dell gives her $100 and promises her the same every month for as long as the case takes. one night, vic linley wins a great deal of money from bob. when dell pleads with vic to go easy on her brother, he reveals that he is interested in her, having just broken off an affair with her married sister corinne. later, bob finds a vanity case with the hamilton family seal under a pillow in vic's bedroom. he assumes it belongs to dell (rather than corinne). when he accuses dell, she pretends it is true in order to protect her sister. furious and drunk, bob goes back to vic's place. dell chases after him, but is too late. bob shoots and kills vic in the elevator. the siblings quickly leave the scene. unaware that bob is the killer, district attorney mills agrees to keep the hamilton name out of the scandal, but public opinion and newspaper reporter segall will not let the case be forgotten. blaming dave for the uproar, mills forces the lawyer to take over the case as a newly appointed deputy district attorney by threatening to ruin his career. dell, however, believes he took the job to further his ambitions. by bad luck, the doorman recognizes dell when she leaves dave's office, and she is put on trial. when she is called to the witness stand, however, dave cannot bring himself to cross examine her too closely and accepts her unconvincing story. however, the doorman catches her in a lie, and the truth mostly comes out (except for corinne's part in it). bob is acquitted for defending his sister's honor, and dell and dave get back together.
corpus document430
two-fisted law
rancher tim clark borrows money from bob russell, who then rustles clark's cattle so he will be unable to repay the money. thus russell is able to cheat clark out of his ranch. clark becomes a prospector for silver and ultimately comes to settle accounts with russell and crooked deputy bendix.
corpus document431
two seconds
as john allen (edward g. robinson), a condemned murderer, is led to the electric chair, a witness asks the prison warden how long it takes for the condemned person to die. "a strongly built man like john allen?" he is told, "it'll take two seconds". the witness remarks, "that'll be the longest two seconds of his life." as the executioner throws the switch, the events that led up to the execution appear in flashback. allen works with his friend and flatmate bud clark (preston foster), as a riveter, high up on the girders of a skyscraper under construction, getting paid $62.50 a week, "more than a college professor". bud is engaged to be married, and tries to set up a date for allen that night, but allen expresses some disinterest, as bud keeps setting john allen up with "firewagons", his term for fat girls. bud and john go out on the town after bud winning $38 on the horses. john sees that the girl that bud's girl has brought along for him to double date is the "firewagon" (june gittelson), so he splits off on his own, going to a taxi dance hall nearby, where he meets dancer shirley day (vivienne osborne). after dancing and talking to shirley for some time, he indicates that they should talk some more. "can't. gotta have a ticket". "well ok", allen dozily says. "get a handful so we can dance a lot together". in the five minutes allen is away buying tickets, shirley has gone off with another customer. that customer gropes her, and shirley day causes a scene, shouting at the customer. "he paid a dime and he thinks that entitles him to privileges". john allen wades in, punching the customer to the floor. tony, the dance hall owner (j. carrol naish), tells them both to get out, firing shirley day. allen then takes shirley for a milk shake. allen had earlier said to shirley that he wanted a woman with an education, aspirations: "ain't no use both of us being dumb". she feigns respectability, telling him that she only works in the dance hall to support her sick parents, who live on a farm in idaho and that she is educated ("i've got a year of high school, wish i'd have stuck it out"). shirley pretends to be interested in attending a lecture with him. later, bud is remonstrating with john about him having hooked up with "a dance hall dame". "how much money has she had off you" bud asks. "not a red cent. "we're going to a lecture", john said. bud: "if a dame tells a guy she's going to a lecture that means one thing, she's got designs on him". john indicates that he doesn't want to fall out with bud, trying to get him to like shirley: "she knows things". bud: "that dame don't need to go to school, she knows everything". as john leaves, bud says more cheerily, "come home sober and bring me a lollipop". instead of taking john to "a lecture", shirley takes him to a speakeasy where she gets him drunk on "tea", bootleg gin was served in teapots to disguise its true nature, as alcohol was illegal then, due to prohibition. when john allen protests, she says stupidly that they can "catch the second show" of the lecture. john allen is drunk after the first floor show, drunk, bored and belligerent. he says that shirley herself shouldn't drink too much. she intones "i must, because of my problems". "what problems", john allen responds. shirley starts crying: "don't do that" john says, "not when i'm drunk, i hate that". he then brightens up a bit smiling with realisation "i'm drunk". liquor was illegal and managing to get "blind drunk" (sometimes literally, the substances being methanol, not alcohol) was something of an achievement to them. shirley day kisses him, cheering him up greatly. "you know i like that" he says. shirley responds, "would you like more?". shirley drags john to a justice of the peace (otto hoffman). allen thinks he is still in a speakeasy. he still has a teacup hooked on his finger and is yelling for a waiter to get more drink. the justice of the peace says allen is too drunk, but shirley bribes him with $10, and indicates that she already has a ring, which she has had for some weeks. when shirley and a stupefied john allen return to his apartment, shirley has a blazing argument with bud. bud: "you dirty little ape, did you rope him in? didn't take you long to find out he can't hold his liquor". shirley shows him the ring. "we're married, right square and legal, and there's nothing that you or anyone else can do about it". shirley throws bud out. as bud is leaving, shirley is getting undressed to consummate the marriage somehow, to a drunk john allen. bud says viciously, referring to the comatose john, "you said you'd bring me back a lollipop. you did alright and a red one at that". he flicks a lit cigarette at shirley's naked back. three weeks later, bud and john are doing their job riveting, 28 stories up. during a break, they argue about shirley. bud berates john for being taken in by a liar: "she told you that her parents were living on a farm in i-dee-ho, and all the time they're living in a booze joint on tenth avenue". john admits that shirley has had much of his money for clothes "which she needed". bud: "where do you think she goes in the daytime?". john: "she goes to the movies!". bud: "what about all the money she gets? there aint enough dimes in the day, even if she were on a merry-go-round!". john: "don't talk that way about my wife!". john motions to hit bud with a spanner and bud falls to his death, shown spinning, screaming as john allen sobs and the site alarm hooter sounds. the grief-stricken allen then quits his job, but is demoralized by living off shirley. shirley has changed from the bookish nice girl, into a spiteful, controlling vamp. she puts john allen down, saying "what have you got to live for?" and mocks his nervous condition. allen responds: "were you ever 30 stories up with a six-inch girder between you and hell?". shirley asks him if he's got any insurance. a kindly doctor (harry beresford) is called and gives him a tonic. john allen says that it's his nerves. the doctor says that john allen's problem is psychological. shirley is putting a new dress on, new stockings and going out. "where did you get those things?" john allen asks. "tony", shirley says belligerently. "there, how do i look", she says to john. "like what you are." john allen says. john says that she can't go out looking that way, as his wife. shirley indicates that she has credibility now, "with the other girls", as she's married, "there are things a mrs. can get away with that a miss can't". lizzie, the cleaning lady (dorothea wolbert) tells shirley that the landlady is after them for the rent. john allen indicates that they must put this off, pay her later. lizzie indicates that they'll get thrown out "her brothers a cop you know". shirley pulls a clip of money out of her stocking. "where did you get that from?" john asks. "tony". shirley tells him that the money is an "advance". she then tells john that she is trying to get buds ex-girlfriend annie, who she met at buds funeral, a job at the dance hall. allen: "not annie!. annie was buds 'steady company' (girlfriend). you can't make a tramp out of annie!". shirley throws a dollar at john allen as she leaves. "here's a buck, in case you need anything". allen has been betting on horses using techniques of multiple bets ("polys") used by tony. the horseracing bookmaker (guy kibbee), arrives at john allens apartment. john allen: "what do you want?" bookie "you've won". allen "how much" bookie: "$388". john allen (brightening up momentarily) "$388?". bookie: "niftiest little poly i ever saw". bookie: "with that kind of money you can clear a lot of debt". john allen "i'll clear them all off, that's what bud would have wanted me to do". bookie: "don't talk like that". a deranged john allen insists that he only wants $172 of the winnings. allen rummages in a cupboard to find his teacup, the one he had on his finger when he got married to shirley day. "this teacup was once filled with bootleg liquor, then it was filled with the blood of my only friend". he throws the teacup on the ground, smashing it and exclaims "i'm going to be free!". john nervously counts out what shirley got from tony and enough for a gun. allen then strides off purposively to tony's dance hall, where he finds shirley in tony's arms". tony: "what is this?, are you trying to play the spurned husband gag on me?". john thrusts $162 into the hands of tony, who doesn't want it, then turns to shirley: "you. you made a rat out of me. bud was right, you were born rotten and now you're trying to make other girls as rotten as you are". "born crooked" was how bud had described shirley, when arguing with allen, just before falling to his death. shirley turns to tony in panic: "tony he's going to kill me!". johns sweaty deranged face is shown in closeup: "yeah, i'm going to kill you. if i don't you're going to go on like this, from tony to another man, always making yourself cheaper and dirtier". he fires several bullets into shirley day as tony runs out of the room howling. at his trial, allen refuses to defend himself, saying he should have been "burned" (electrocuted) when he was at his lowest, a "rat", living off shirley day, not after he had paid off his debts. he explains his position in a pitiful, deranged speech, shown looking up, pleading with the judge. "it isn't fair! it isn't fair to let a rat live and kill a man!. it isn't reasonable! it don't make sense!. i won't let you do it!", allen shouts as he slaps the judges bench with his palm. the judge informs allen that he could have used a defence of insanity, but chose not to, and that he would have been lenient if he had. john allen is sentenced to death.
corpus document432
unashamed
several hundred extras appear in the courtroom sequence, described by toronto's the globe suggested that it was "the first modernistic courtroom in a talking picture."[5]
corpus document433
union depot
charles "chick" miller (douglas fairbanks, jr.) is a hobo released from jail for vagrancy, along with fellow drifter "scrap iron" scratch (guy kibbee). the two men then head to the local railroad station "to catch a train out of town". through a series of chance encounters with travelers in the main terminal of union depot, chick becomes, in his own words, a "gentleman for a day" (the name under which the film was released in the united kingdom). entering union depot, chick, steals or "acquires" a station official's uniform. concerned that he will be caught impersonating staff he retreats into the public washroom, where he finds a suitcase left by a drunk passenger. inside the suitcase are toiletries and a nice double-breasted man's suit that has a wad of cash in one of its pockets. after getting cleaned up in the washroom and changing into the suit, chick uses the money to buy himself a much-need meal at the depot's diner. soon he meets ruth collins (joan blondell) sitting on a bench in the main terminal. she tells him that she is an out-of-work chorus girl, is broke, and desperate to raise the $64 train fare to salt lake city, where a job is waiting for her. although she is telling him the truth, he thinks she is a prostitute, and he offers to take her to a nearby private "dining room" to treat her to dinner and to have an intimate time together drinking. there he becomes angry when she resists further advances after they kiss. he calls her a "phony" but begins to believe her story after she shows him a telegram with her job offer. ruth admits to him that she is certainly "no pollyanna" but not a prostitute. she then confides to chick that she is worried about being followed by dr. bernardi (george rosener), whom she describes as a "madman" and a fellow resident of the cheap boarding house where she had lived. she adds that the strange, obsessive doctor had "bad eyes" and had previously paid her to read to him in the evenings, namely lewd "european" publications that she found disgusting. now feeling sorry for ruth and describing himself as "santa claus", chick tells ruth he will give her the money she needs "with no strings attached". meanwhile, back inside union depot, among the crowd is bushy sloan (alan hale), who presents himself as a german “musician” and carries a violin case. soon he checks his case at the station's baggage area, depositing it there for temporary storage. the case, however, does not contain a violin; it is full of counterfeit money. a pickpocket later steals sloan's wallet, which holds his baggage-claim ticket. the thief discards the wallet in an alleyway after removing its cash. while waiting for chick outside the depot, scrap iron finds the wallet. it is not completely empty; the ticket is still inside it. later he gives the ticket to chick, who uses it to reclaim the violin case. initially, chick plans to pawn the case; however, when he opens it, he is stunned to find it full of money, not realizing it is all counterfeit. he hides the case and most of the bogus cash in a coal bin at a small building near the central depot and instructs scrap iron to stand guard while he ponders what to do next. chick sees ruth again and gives her some of the violin-case money to buy new clothes at a shop in the station. she too is unaware that it is counterfeit. while chick is away, dr. bernardi sends ruth a passenger ticket and a message to meet him in the designated train compartment. believing the ticket is from chick, ruth goes there. when she finds bernardi instead, she begins screaming. chick breaks through the locked door, but bernardi escapes through a window. as he runs across an adjacent railroad track he is struck by a passing train and killed. a dress shop clerk (adrienne dore) who had sold clothes to ruth becomes suspicious of the cash she had used. the clerk decides to take the counterfeit bills to the station master. both ruth and chick are then taken into custody by government agent kendall (david landau). kendall has been alerted that bushy, a known criminal, was at the station to pass the phony money to an associate; but he has no description of bushy. he therefore believes that ruth might either be bushy or one of his associates. to clear her, chick goes to retrieve the hidden violin case and is escorted by another agent, jim parker (earle foxe). the men are followed by bushy, who shoots parker, and flees with the case. chick chases and catches him. all is eventually cleared up, and ruth has a bittersweet parting from chick, as she leaves on the train to utah. the film ends with chick and scrap iron walking together along the railroad track, away from union depot and back to their lives as hobos.
corpus document434
uptown new york
pat and max are in love and share an intimate relationship. however, after max receives his surgeon's diploma, his parents have arranged a marriage for him with a woman from a rich, good background. he marries that woman but occasionally bumps into pat, explaining how he actually loves her instead of his wife. pat dislikes the idea of him seeing her on the side. heartbroken, pat later meets eddie (a gumball machine salesman), who proposes marriage, which she accepts. in a hotel bridal suite, pat mentions her previous relationship to eddie, and mentions that he can walk out on her if he wants, he is ok with it. later, while attempting to stop two teenagers from robbing one of eddie's gumball machine, she runs across the street without looking and is struck by a truck. she is in the hospital awaiting surgery. eddie, chooses max as the surgeon and, later while pat is in her hospital bed, overhears max's conversation with pat about their love, and his decision to divorce his wife, he will take pat to vienna to get well, and they will get married. eddie decides to walk out on pat as he believes that she is going to run off with max. through complications (and a fight) over eddie's attempt to pay pat's hospital bill by selling his company which he only owns half of (pat owns the other half), he ends up in jail. pat runs to the jail and explains the misunderstanding and proclaims her love for eddie.
corpus document435
vanity fair
this film adaptation's storyline begins around 1920 and concludes in 1933.[1] in its opening scene a limousine is traveling down a road outside london. in the car are two passengers, amelia sedley (barbara kent) and her friend becky sharp (myrna loy), young ladies who agewise are in their twenties. amelia is from a rich, well-connected family, while becky is from very modest means and has no family at all. given becky's circumstances, amelia has invited her to her home for the christmas holidays. at the sedley estate amelia's family welcomes their guest, but the mother is soon wary of her. those suspicions are warranted, for becky aims to use her beauty and guile to gain wealth and privilege by climbing england's social ladder. her first target for achieving those goals is joseph, amelia's much-older brother (billy bevan). after becky tries unsuccessfully to trap him into marriage, mrs. sedley sees her cuddling in the home's drawing room with her daughter's fiancé, george osborne. disgusted, the mother calls "miss sharp" into the adjoining room, where she advises becky to leave immediately so she can begin the job she had accepted before the holidays, that of governess for the family of sir pitt crawley. becky heeds the thinly veiled advice and departs.[2][3] upon her arrival at the residence of lord crawley, becky quickly stirs the passions of both the elderly sir pitt and his son rawdon (conway tearle). the new governess entices them with her suggestive comments and by allowing each man into her bedroom at night while she glides about in her satin pajamas. soon she and rawdon begin a secretive affair, but sir pitt finally catches them together in becky's bedroom. there they inform him they had married the previous day. that news enrages the old man, who orders his son and his "shameless little hussy" out of his house. relocating to a townhouse in london's mayfair district, becky and rawdon feel the financial strains of being cut off from lord crawley and his wealth. the couple at first brings in money by betting and cheating their friends playing bridge. that income, however, is insufficient for their mounting bills, so becky schemes to find other ways to get money. she does so through blackmail and by obtaining gifts from a string of lovers, including george osborne, now the husband of her friend amelia. eventually, even rawdon cannot tolerate his wife's wanton, criminal behavior. on the evening he is released from police custody for writing bad checks, rawdon finds becky at their home with another lover. he declares their marriage is over and gives her only ten minutes to vacate the premises. as she leaves, he informs becky that his father had just died, and he is now the new lord crawley. he then warns her that if she ever dares to refer to herself as "lady crawley," he will track her down and kill her. several years pass and becky lives in a far less affluent, largely french-speaking area of london.[4][5] there she prowls the area's bars and casinos, getting money from the assorted men she meets. one evening in a casino, she sees amelia's brother joseph, who updates her about his sister's situation. while becky already knows that amelia's husband george had died five years earlier in a horse-riding accident, she learns from joseph that amelia still refuses to remarry. subsequently she also learns that her friend's devotion to george's memory and her mistaken belief in his fidelity have led amelia to refuse repeated marriage proposals from dobbin, a gentleman who has adored her for years. sometime later, becky invites amelia to her apartment and confesses her affair with george. she then calls amelia a fool for revering a dead "cad" and urges her to wed dobbin, who is waiting outside in a car. when amelia rejoins him after becky's disclosures, she rests her head on dobbin's shoulder, implying that his next proposal will be accepted. the film sequence that follows shows the passage of more years and the ongoing disintegration of becky's life, which has become a daily struggle marked by petty crimes, prostitution, and meager funds. in the final scene becky enters her shabby one-room apartment. lying on the bed is joseph, stirring from his latest binge. she addresses him as "my love" and informs him that his sister had just given her another check. he is infuriated and tells her never to accept money again from amelia. becky turns, sits at a dresser, and stares into its mirror. in the reflection she watches her face transform from the reality of its present haggard appearance to its former beauty. she then notices that joseph has quietly departed. she also notices on a small bedside bureau that he has torn up his sister's check, and in the dust that coats the bureau's surface he has written finis ("the end").[6] the film concludes with becky lowering her face into her hands and weeping.
corpus document436
virtue
new york city streetwalker mae (carole lombard) is placed on a train by a policeman and told not to come back. however, she gets off, taking the cab of jimmy doyle (pat o'brien), who doesn't think much of women. she slips away without paying the fare. her friend and fellow prostitute, lil (mayo methot), advises her to find honest work. the next day, mae goes to the cab company to pay jimmy. they start arguing, but they are attracted to each other. he gets her a job as a waitress. by coincidence, gert (shirley grey), another former prostitute who knows her, also works at the restaurant. jimmy and mae soon marry, but mae doesn't tell her new husband about her past. after a honeymoon at coney island, the happy couple are met at mae's apartment by a policeman who mistakes jimmy for mae's latest "client". jimmy shows him their marriage license to clear up the trouble, then leaves to think things over. he returns the next day, ready to try to make the marriage work. jimmy has saved $420 of the $500 he needs to become a partner in flannagan's gas station. however, gert begs mae to lend her $200 for a doctor. despite her misgivings, mae gives it to her. the next day, she learns that gert has lied to her. when jimmy tells her that the gas station owner needs money and is willing to settle for what he already has, mae begins searching desperately for gert. mae finally finds her and slaps her around until she promises to get her the money the next night. however, gert has given the money to her boyfriend toots (jack la rue), who is also lil's pimp. when gert tries to steal the $200 from his wallet, toots catches her and accidentally kills her. he hides the body, then watches from hiding as mae shows up, finds the money and leaves. the police arrest mae for the crime because she left her bag behind in gert's apartment. however, a distrusting jimmy had been following mae and knows a man was with gert. he learns that it was toots, but when he confronts him, lil gives toots an alibi. jimmy goes to the district attorney to report what he knows. lil convinces toots to go to the district attorney to lodge a complaint against jimmy. lil reveals herself to be mae's true friend, admitting that toots lied and exonerating mae. jimmy goes to the gas station to tell flannagan he no longer wants to buy into the partnership. he sees mae pumping gas under a doyle & flannagan sign. they argue and reconcile.
corpus document437
washington merry-go-round
button gwinnett brown (lee tracy) is a new congressman in the u.s. house of representatives. he refuses bribes, vowing to rid washington of corruption; but crosses swords with powerful senator edward norton (alan dinehart), who wants to enlist brown to help prohibition bootleggers. norton also happens to be chasing elder senator wylie's (walter connolly) daughter alice (constance cummings), who brown has also fallen for. in order to silence the idealistic newcomer, politicians stage a phony re-count and brown loses his government seat. however, with the help of senator wylie and alice, brown manages to win back his place and clean up the halls of justice.
corpus document438
westward passage
returning back to united states from europe, a woman is torn between the love of her kindly husband and the attempt by her former husband to rekindle the former passion they once shared.
corpus document439
the wet parade
in the early 20th century, with the prohibition era approaching, two families come undone over the evils of alcohol. the drinking of roger chilcote costs him everything, including all his family's money after gambling it away, after his daughter maggie may's repeated attempts to persuade him to quit. chilcote commits suicide. roger jr. is a writer who is befriended by jerry tyler, a newspaper reporter in new york city. jerry leaves for france to fight in the war. meanwhile, the tarleton family is at odds over the coming presidential election. a hotel is owned by pow tarleton and his wife, but pow's drinking binges are becoming worse, particularly after woodrow wilson's election as president. kip believes in abstinence and in the passage of the 18th amendment, opposed by wilson. one day when maggie may turns up, kip mistakes her at first for a working girl, then develops a strong romantic attraction to her. pow accidentally drinks bootleg liquor that is contaminated. he beats his wife fatally and ends up convicted of murder, sentenced to life imprisonment. kip sells the family hotel and joins the u.s. treasury department, coming under the wing of abe schilling, a wise, older agent for the bureau. both receive threats from gangsters who trade in outlawed liquor. roger jr.'s alcoholism has tragic results when he consumes wood alcohol and goes blind, costing him everything, including the love of eileen pinchon, who runs a speakeasy. kip, meanwhile, is now with maggie, who is pregnant. kip is kidnapped by gangsters, then saved by abe, who dies while rescuing him, advising kip that taking care of his family comes first.
corpus document440
what price hollywood?
brown derby waitress mary evans (constance bennett) is an aspiring actress who has an opportunity to meet film director maximillan carey (lowell sherman) when she serves him one night. he is very drunk but is charmed by the young girl, and he invites her to a premiere at grauman's chinese theatre. adhering to his policy of living life with a sense of humor, he picks her up in a jalopy rather than a limousine and then gives the parking valet the car as a tip. max takes mary home with him after the event, but the next morning remembers nothing about the previous night. she reminds him he promised her a screen test and expresses concern about his excessive drinking and flippant attitude, but he tells her not to worry. mary's first screen test reveals she has far more ambition than talent, and she begs for another chance. after extensive rehearsals, she shoots the scene again, and producer julius saxe (gregory ratoff) is pleased with the result and signs her to a contract. just as quickly as mary achieves stardom, max finds his career on the decline, and he avoids a romantic relationship with her for fear she will be caught up in his downward spiral. mary meets polo player lonny borden (neil hamilton). he genuinely loves her and, although he is jealous of the demands made on her by her career, he convinces her to marry him, against julius and max's better judgment. lonny becomes increasingly annoyed by the dedication of his movie star wife to her work, and finally walks out on her. after their divorce is finalized, mary discovers she is pregnant. mary wins the academy award for best actress, but her moment of glory is disrupted when she's called upon to post bail for max after he's arrested for drunk driving. she takes him to her home, where he wallows in self-pity despite her encouragement. later, alone in mary's dressing room, he stares at his dissolute image in the mirror and compares it to a photograph of himself in earlier days. finding a gun in a drawer, he kills himself with a bullet to the chest. mary becomes the center of gossip focusing on max's suicide. hoping to heal her emotional wounds, she flees to paris with her son and reunites with lonny, who begs her to forgive him and give their marriage another chance.
corpus document441
while paris sleeps
jacques costaud, a french war veteran is sentenced to life in prison for killing a man but soon escapes from a penal colony in french guyana. he then flees to paris to find his daughter manon, who believes him dead. now he must try to keep her from being abducted into a life of prostitution and keeping his true identity a secret.
corpus document442
white zombie
on her arrival in haiti, madeleine short (madge bellamy) reunites with her fiancé neil parker (john harron), with imminent plans to be married. on the voyage, she met charles beaumont (robert frazer), a wealthy planter who convinced her to have the marriage ceremony at his plantation house. beaumont has fallen in love with madelaine, and plans to get neil out of the way by giving him a job in new york as his agent. on the way to beaumont's house, the couple's carriage passes "murder" legendre (bela lugosi), an evil voodoo master, leading a group of zombies. legendre observes them with interest and manages to grab madeleine's scarf. after arriving at the house, and meeting dr. bruner (joseph cawthorn), who is to perform the ceremony, the couple is shown to their rooms, and beaumont goes off in a cart driven by a zombie to meet legendre at legendre's sugarcane mill, operated entirely by zombies. beaumont solicits legendre's supernatural assistance in getting madeleine to marry him. legendre states that the only way is to transform madeleine into a zombie with a potion. beaumont protests that he will find another way, but legendre insists that the potion is the only way, and makes him he take it with him. the next day, as beaumont is leading madeleine to the altar, he tries to convince her not to go through with the wedding, but she insists. he asks for one final kiss, and gives her a rose with the potion on it. she kisses the flower and puts it into her bouquet. shortly after the ceremony, the potion takes effect, and madeleine appears to die. haunted by madeleine's death, neil takes to drink, and sees apparitions of her in every shadow. legendre and beaumont enter madeleine's tomb at night with legendre's zombie servants, who were all his enemies when they were alive. hearing the raving neil approach, they remove madeleine's casket from the tomb. finding it empty, neil seeks assistance from dr. bruner, who explains to him about the possible existence of zombies. in legendre's cliffside castle, madeleine has been revived as a zombie, and beaumont listens to her play the piano, her eyes lifeless. he gives her jewelry, but she does not respond. beaumont now regrets having transformed her into a zombie. he begs legendre to return her to life, but he refuses, and demonstrates his mental control over her by wordlessly sending her away. after drinking a glass of wine offered by legendre, beaumont realizes that it is tainted with the potion, and that he will be turned into a zombie. legendre tells beaumont that he has his own plans for madeleine. beaumont calls on his butler, silver, to help him, but legendre transfixes silver with his eyes, and the zombie servants take him away to a terrible death. neil and bruner seek out an old witch doctor, pierre (dan crimmins), who tells them that all his people are afraid of the mountains, which they call "the land of the living dead", because of the evil man who lives there named "murder." camping out not far from the foot of legendre's castle, neil and bruner hear the terrible screeches of a vulture. bruner heads out to the castle, but neil is too ill to go with him, so bruner goes alone. shortly afterwards, neil has another vision of madeleine, and follows it to the castle, where madeleine is attended by human maids who cannot bear to touch the zombie woman, even to brush her hair. legendre and beaumont are together in the main room. because beaumont is the first man to actually know that he is turning into a zombie, legendre questions him about his "symptoms", but beaumont cannot speak. after neil enters the castle, legendre senses his presence and silently orders madeleine to kill him, over beaumont's feeble protest. she approaches the passed-out neil with a knife, but she hesitates. legendre increases his telepathic command, and madeleine raises the knife to strike, but bruner stops her. she runs away, and neil wakes up and sees her, calling after her. he follows her to a high place above the caribbean sea, and entreats her to recognize him. legendre watches them, and telepathically calls his zombie servants to kill neil. neil shoots at them, but they are uninjured, and keep coming towards him. just then, bruner approaches legendre and knocks him out, breaking his mental control over his zombies. undirected, they ignore neil and walk off the cliff. the veil is lifted from madeleine's eyes so that she recognizes neil for a moment, but legendre wakes up, re-establishing his control over the girl, and forces neil and bruner back with the strength of his will. however, beaumont appears behind him, and pushes legendre off the cliff into the churning waters below. beaumont loses his balance and also falls to his death, followed by a screeching vulture. legendre's death releases madeleine from her trance, and she awakens to embrace neil. "neil," she says, "i dreamed."
corpus document443
winner take all
rising boxer jimmy kane is sent from new york city to the rosario ranch and hot springs in new mexico to regain his health after spending too much time with women and drink. there he meets young widow peggy harmon and her son dickie. she eventually falls in love with him, and he likes her too. when jimmy finds out that she will have to cut short her son's treatment because she will not receive an insurance payout, jimmy takes on a tough fight in tijuana to raise the $600 she needs. the marks on his face show peggy where the money came from. jimmy returns to new york. after one fight, he is introduced by roger elliot to flighty, flirty socialite joan gibson. he soon falls for her, and he mistakes her interest in him as love. when pop slavin, jimmy's manager, arranges for him to fight for the lightweight championship, jimmy turns it down. instead, he secretly goes to a plastic surgeon to have his nose and cauliflower ear fixed after joan remarks that he would almost be handsome if it were not for those features. he gets etiquette lessons from forbes. when he springs his surprise on joan, she is not amused. she complains to a friend that he is no longer different and colorful. jimmy has pop set up fights with lesser foes. he changes his style, boxing rather than punching, to avoid risking damage to his new face. the fans boo him. meanwhile, pop sends for peggy. jimmy has to tell her that he is seeing someone else. joan's butler tells jimmy that she is not home, but he bursts in on her party. he tells her that he will fight one last time, for the championship, after which - win or lose - they will get married. he sends her ringside tickets. the night of the fight, jimmy is concerned when he does not see joan there. he sends rosebud to call and find out where she is. after one round, in which jimmy once again avoids contact, rosebud reports that joan is leaving on an ocean liner in about twenty minutes. jimmy attacks furiously and knocks out the champion. then he takes a taxi to the pier. when he finds joan, she lies and tells him that her sister needs her, but when roger elliot enters the cabin, it all becomes clear. jimmy punches roger and kicks joan when she bends over roger's unconscious body. jimmy then proposes to peggy.
corpus document444
the wiser sex
after prosecutor david rolfe (douglas) has racketeer benny morgan arrested, mobster harry evans (boyd) gives orders to his chauffeur (dumbrille) to kill david, but the chauffeur fails. the next day, david's fiancée, margaret hughes (colbert), leaves on a cruise with jimmy o'neill (alexander), her friendly suitor, warning david she won't marry a man for whom work is more important than she. david cannot give margaret a proper bon voyage because he is trying to save his naïve young cousin, phil long (tone), from the clutches of gold-digging moll claire foster (tashman), with whom david used to be involved. when david warns phil that claire belongs to evans, phil takes david's revolver with him to claire's hotel to confront her. evans enters in his housecoat and phil shoots him in the arm. they struggle and phil is killed. when david arrives, claire, on evans' orders, says phil killed himself, then calls the police and frames david as the killer. in court, david's defense is greatly weakened by claire's acting ability, and she successfully seduces the all-male jury. margaret returns for the trial and remarks that a jury of the "wiser sex" would see right through claire's histrionics. in order to gather evidence, margaret goes undercover as blonde gold digger ruby kennedy and takes a room adjacent to claire's. through diamonds and liquor, margaret befriends claire and wheedles her into revealing more about the case. jimmy and margaret throw a party for claire and evans, and evans makes several passes at margaret. during the party, evans' cook, fritz (robert fischer), who helped him with his wound the morning of the murder, accidentally bumps evans' arm and evans scolds him for calling attention to it. the next day, fritz is found dead, and margaret now knows the missing bullet from david's gun is lodged in evans. margaret then meets evans for a rendezvous, while jimmy tells claire he has lost her to evans. as evans' chauffeur identifies margaret, claire enters in a jealous rage and reveals evans as phil's murderer. due to the sleuthing abilities of the "wiser sex," david is released and marries margaret.
corpus document445
the woman in room 13
laura bruce is divorced from her husband following an unpleasant matrimonial term. she then marries paul ramsey, whom she has always loved. dick turner, his employer and enamored of laura, sends her husband away on a business trip. a murder is committed and detective john bruce seeks to fasten the crime upon paul. after he fails to do so, a happy ending results.
corpus document446
you said a mouthful
joe holt works for the armstrong rubber goods company and believes he has invented an "unsinkable" bathing suit. his colleagues mock joe behind his back and fool him into thinking his boss likes the swimsuit idea. joe travels to california to inherit his aunt's fortune, which he intends to use to finance manufacturing of his swimsuit. it turns out his aunt died broke. joe befriends a servant's son, sam wellington, and together take a boat to santa catalina island. a socialite, alice brandon, mistakes joe for a famous swimmer of the same name. she has just broken up with channel swimmer ed dover and wants him to lose an upcoming channel race, so she persuades joe to enter. sam needs to teach joe how to swim. the real joe holt ends up in jail, being called an impostor. and in the end, amazingly, sinkable joe impresses alice by winning the race.
corpus document447
42nd street
it is 1932, the depth of the depression, and noted broadway producers jones (robert mcwade) and barry (ned sparks) are putting on pretty lady, a musical starring dorothy brock (bebe daniels). she is involved with wealthy abner dillon (guy kibbee), the show's "angel" (financial backer), but while she is busy keeping him both hooked and at arm's length, she is secretly seeing her old vaudeville partner, out-of-work pat denning (george brent). julian marsh (warner baxter) is hired to direct, even though his doctor warns that he risks his life if he continues in his high-pressure profession; despite a long string of successes he is broke, a result of the 1929 stock market crash. he must make his last show a hit, in order to have enough money to retire on. cast selection and rehearsals begin amidst fierce competition, with not a few "casting couch" innuendos flying around. naïve newcomer peggy sawyer (ruby keeler), who arrives in new york from her home in allentown, pennsylvania, is duped and ignored until two experienced chorines, lorraine fleming (una merkel) and ann "anytime annie" lowell (ginger rogers),[4] take her under their wing. lorraine is assured a job because of her relationship with dance director andy lee (george e. stone); she also sees to it that ann and peggy are chosen. the show's juvenile lead, billy lawler (dick powell), takes an immediate liking to peggy, as does pat. when marsh learns about dorothy's relationship with pat, he sends some thugs led by his gangster friend slim murphy (tom kennedy) to rough him up. that, plus her realization that their situation is unhealthy, makes dorothy and pat agree not to see each other for a while, and he gets a stock job in philadelphia. rehearsals continue for five weeks to marsh's complete dissatisfaction until the night before the show's opening in philadelphia, when dorothy breaks her ankle. by the next morning abner has quarreled with her and wants julian to replace her with his new girlfriend, annie. she, however, tells him that she can't carry the show, but the inexperienced peggy can. with 200 jobs and his future riding on the outcome, a desperate julian rehearses peggy mercilessly (vowing "i'll either have a live leading lady or a dead chorus girl") until an hour before the premiere. billy finally gets up the nerve to tell peggy he loves her; she enthusiastically kisses him. then dorothy shows up and wishes her luck, telling her that she and pat are getting married. the show goes on, and the last twenty minutes of the film are devoted to three busby berkeley production numbers: "shuffle off to buffalo", "(i'm) young and healthy", and "42nd street". the show is a hit. as the theater audience comes out julian stands in the shadows, hearing the comments that peggy is a star and he (marsh) does not deserve the credit for it. plot note in the original bradford ropes' novel julian and billy are lovers. since same-sex relationships were unacceptable in films by the moral standards of the era, the film substituted a romance between billy and peggy.
corpus document448
ace of aces
when the united states enters world war i, rocky thorne (richard dix) has no interest in joining the military, but just wants to pursue his career as a sculptor. he is cynical about the purpose of the war and the enthusiasm of those who have enlisted, comparing them to lemmings that will swim until they drown themselves. but his fiancée, nancy adams (elizabeth allen), becomes a red cross nurse; she mocks his pacifism and accuses him of cowardice. to prove his bravery, he enlists and becomes a fighter pilot as part of the american expeditionary forces. arriving at his assigned squadron, he is concerned about the people he is going to be shooting at; but his initial reluctance lasts only until he is shot at himself. then he retaliates, shooting down his first enemy aircraft. rocky now renounces his past attitude and becomes completely committed to the war in the air, even taking individual flights against orders, to get more chances to shoot down germans. in a few months he becomes the leading ace. then, while on furlough in paris, he runs into his former love, who is a nurse on the front lines. she has been impacted by her experiences and is torn by guilt. when rocky says that he does not want to waste his valuable leave time on talking and demeans her moral attitude for not wanting to spend the night with him, she agrees to do it. back at the squadron, a german cadet on a mercy mission drops a note over the airfield, telling the americans that one of their pilots who was shot down is alive as a prisoner. at this point rocky's plane appears. not having seen the note being dropped, rocky attacks and shoots down the young german, who is badly injured but not killed. at the hospital, rocky finds the german in the next bed. the young man is in agony and is not allowed liquids because of a stomach wound. eventually he begs for water, saying he is going to die anyway, and rocky leaves a bottle of wine by his bedside. then rocky is told he is being transferred away from the front to become an instructor. while he does not tell anyone, he feels guilty over the german's death, so the transfer comes as a relief. but before it takes effect, he learns that a young pilot has bettered his record of victories. he flies another unauthorized mission to fight individually against the newest german aircraft. but as he prepares to close in for the kill, he again thinks about the german cadet, and is unable to fire. the germans see him and shoot him down, but he lives to return home to his sweetheart after the war. in the final scene, he still feels guilty for what he became, and says he has been unable to sculpt. but nancy is supportive and still wants to marry him. they will get past it together.
corpus document449
after tonight
with the outbreak of world war i, a young woman (constance bennett) is unable to purchase a train ticket from luxembourg to austria. however, rudolph "rudy" ritter (gilbert roland) is attracted to her and gets her aboard a train to bern, switzerland. later, when the train is stopped short of their destination, she slips away while he goes in search of a car. he does not even know her name. rudy turns out to be a captain in the austrian ministry of war assigned to deal with russian spies, particularly the very successful k-14. he gets a lead when a secret message is intercepted; it contains information about a newly improved flamethrower. rudy is assigned to major lieber (edward ellis), the man in charge of the unit developing the weapon. rudy is delighted when lieber introduces him to nurse karen schöntag, his former traveling companion. rudy sees karen every night, and the pair fall in love. however, karen is actually k-14. she narrowly escapes being caught by rudy and his men, then is brought in for questioning when she goes to a certain staircase that rudy knows is being used by the russians to transfer messages. rudy refuses to believe she is a spy and does not even search her. major lieber, however, notices something odd about one of the books she had with her; one page has been freshly torn out (the one with an invisible message). faced with the mounting evidence, rudy sets a trap. he has russian-speaking private muller sent to k-14's hospital masquerading as a prisoner of war. muller gives k-14 the russian recognition signal (two circles) and passes her a message, ordering her to meet an agent at a deserted house at nine o'clock that night. k-14 is suspicious, but feels she must go. her contact insists on taking her there. after she incriminates herself to "russian" agent lehan (mischa auer), rudy is forced to arrest her. fortunately, k-14's associate shoots rudy and knocks out lehan. he has to drag k-14 away from the wounded rudy, who also urges her to flee. after the war ends, the two meet by chance at a swiss train station. this time, rudy does not let her get away.
corpus document450
aggie appleby, maker of men
agnes appleby (wynne gibson), waitress at nick's restaurant, gets into a mass fight and escapes with friend red branaham (william gargan). the fight was about her honor. they live together, but the money isn't coming in, as it should. red branaham is caught by the police and put into jail. her landlady, mrs. spence (jane darwell), sets her on the street, as she's not able to pay back the rent, she owes her. so she goes to her friend sybby 'sib' (zasu pitts), cleaning lady in a boarding house or hotel. she puts her in a room of a man, who's not expected for some time, so that she can sleep some hours. the man, adoniram 'schlumpy' schlump (charles farrell) comes back home earlier, than what sybby told him and finds aggie in his bed. she pretends to be a socialite, from the family of the appleby's, but pitiful, she is broke. he is a gentlemen, very much in love with a lady, evangeline (betty furness), whose letter he's expecting very urgently, beside, he's looking for a job, though he comes from an institution of a family, the schlumps. aggie calls him "an old goose", before she starts her program of remodeling. and helping him finding a job, in the construction site on the other side of the road, she pretends he is red branaham. while they are remodeling each other, the true red branaham comes out of jail. schlump asks aggie to marry him, but she's not sure whether she still loves red, and she fears that their different social and cultural background could become a problem. auntie (blanche friderici) and evangeline pop up at his room, so that aggie has to pretend to be a maid. sybby tells her: no, you can't be in love with two men, at the same time, one is an indigestion! while agnes sends away schlumpy, because she is not the right social level for him, convinced that evangeline is the right one, she finally convinces red to marry her and become floor walker and change his name into schlump, he accepting and saying "but my men hood is gone". the status quo of how society stratums are and have to be, is restored, because aggie tells the men how it has to be.
corpus document451
air hostess
in world war i, pilot bob king is shot and killed in france. his friends ted "lucky" hunter (james murray) and pa kearns (j.m. kerrigan) pledge to look after his daughter, kitty (evalyn knapp).[note 3] years later, after the war, kearns, now blind, works at an airport as an engine expert while kitty is a twa stewardess. her father's friends still look after her as meddling chaperones. a grandstanding ted flies over the airport, meeting kitty who is enamored with him. after a night on the town, he flies her back to the airport, but is met by angry mechanics and pilot dick miller (arthur pierson), who is in love with kitty and ends up in a fight. ted soon announces his marriage to kitty and forces her to quit her job. dick gets her her job back when ted is unable to make a living. rich, three-time divorcee sylvia carleton (thelma todd) offers ted a chance to build a radical new aircraft that can fly across the pacific. a tête-à-tête between ted and sylvia in albuquerque turns into a fiasco when kitty and dick arrive to find them both drunk. kitty leaves angrily for home, boarding a train that ted and dick learn is headed for a collapsing bridge. both men try to save kitty by flying to warn the engineer. ted crash-lands on the tracks and wrecks his aircraft, but stops the train in time. dick flies him back to the hospital with kitty, as the couple reunites.
corpus document452
alice in wonderland
left alone with a governess one snowy afternoon (alice's sister does not appear in this version), alice is supremely bored. she idly starts to wonder what life is like on the other side of the drawing room mirror, when she suddenly feels a surge of confidence and climbs upon the mantelpiece to look. she discovers that she can pass through the looking glass and finds herself in a strange room where many things seem to be the exact reverse of what is in the drawing room. strangely, through all of this, the governess does not seem to notice what has happened. alice looks out the window and suddenly sees a white rabbit. she follows it to a rabbit hole and falls in. seeing nobody else there, she comes upon a table with a key to a locked door, and a bottle that bears the sign "drink me". in a situation exactly reversed from the book, she grows to enormous size after drinking the bottle's contents. unable to pass into the room beyond the locked door, she begins to cry. a cake with a sign saying "eat me" appears. she eats the cake, shrinks to a tiny size, and is immediately swept along into a flood caused by her own tears. many more of her adventures follow, combining sections of through the looking glass with the original alice. at the end, alice is awakened from her dream, not by the "pack of playing cards", but by a riotous celebration that goes completely haywire after she is crowned queen.
corpus document453
ann carver's profession
ann carver (fay wray) and bill graham (gene raymond) are college sweethearts who graduate, marry, and go to work. there are major differences in their career success. ann has a lawyer's degree, and goes to work at the law firm of retired judge bingham. on the other hand, bill, who in college was a campus football star and voted "most popular man on campus", lands a low-level job in an architectural firm. she scores a sensational success with her first case (see below) and receives a check for $5000 from her rich client, harrison. this sets the stage for marital problems, because the very same day that she gets the check for $5000, her husband receives notice of a big raise at work — $10. ann quickly becomes a famous and wealthy lawyer, while husband bill continues to slog along as a low-level wage slave. the two realize, and discuss, the strain that the disparity in their incomes is placing on the marriage. they resolve to work harder at their marriage, but it immediately becomes clear that the demands of her job will make it difficult for ann to tear herself from work. there is also a scene in which ann resents the fact that bill will not accompany her to a dinner party because he has to go to work. eventually, disgusted with the paltriness of his income as compared to his wife's success, bill quits his job as an architect and—in hopes of hitting the big time as a singer—becomes a "crooner" at the mirador, a friend's nightclub. while working at the club, bill begins to drink heavily and becomes involved with alcoholic female singer carole rodgers (claire dodd). in a scene at the mirador, ann and a group of friends observe carole giving bill a kiss. in fury, ann throws a handful of change at bill and stalks out. that seals the rupture in their marriage. ann misses bill deeply, and becomes distracted and starts to perform badly at work, but when she tries to contact bill, bill refuses to talk to her. carole loses her job as a result of her drinking and apparently begins spending a lot of time with bill in his apartment. one evening, while alone in bill's apartment, carole gets drunk, passes out, and falls and hits her head on the arm of a couch, which renders her even more unconscious. her necklace (a sturdy affair, designed to look like a snake) gets caught on the arm of the couch and she strangles as she is slumped over the side of the couch. eventually, the necklace slips loose and carole's body falls to the floor. much later, bill comes in, drunk, after work. he sees carole on the floor, thinks that she is merely drunk and passed-out on the floor, and himself falls into bed. in the next scene we discover that bill is on trial, accused of killing rogers. ann knows that bill must be innocent, and wants desperately to defend him. judge bingham warns bill that his case looks very bad, but if he will allow ann to defend him he will at least have the advantage of a passionately motivated defense attorney. bingham persuades bill to allow ann to act as his defense attorney. the prosecuting attorney's case is built on circumstantial evidence and his depiction of bill's character. key to the prosecution's case is its portrayal of ann as a saintly (beautiful, talented, loving) and wronged wife, and of bill as a playboy, drunk, and loafer who left his loving wife for a floozie, quit his job to live off of his wife's money, and gave up hard work to live a life of ease as a nightclub crooner. in her speech to the jury, ann first points out that it is highly unlikely that bill killed carole—he had no motive for killing her. then, from personal knowledge, she contests the prosecution's depictions of her as the saintly wronged party. instead, she says, bill was the wronged party. she had been obsessed with money and fame and drove him away. she deeply regrets it, she says, and hopes that in this—the last trial of her career—she can convince the jury of bill's innocence. in the last scene of the movie, we see ann and bill at home together, a happily married couple living in a nice house. we see that bill has been acquitted, ann has given up her career, and bill has become a successful architect with projects showcased in vanity fair and house and garden.[2]
corpus document454
ann vickers
after a military officer (bruce cabot) gets ann vickers (irene dunne) pregnant and leaves her, she chooses to terminate the pregnancy. feeling conflicted and regretful, ann devotes herself to social work, taking a job in a women's prison. however, when she tries to improve the conditions there, she loses her job. she instead writes a book about the harsh realities of the prison and begins a romance with a married judge, barney dolphin (walter huston). this helps her career but frustrates her wish for a family.
corpus document455
baby face
lily powers works for her mean father, nick, in a speakeasy during prohibition. since the age of 14, her father has had her sleep with many of his customers. the only man she trusts is cragg, a cobbler who admires friedrich nietzsche and advises her to aspire to greater things. lily's father is killed when his still explodes. cragg tells lily to move to a big city and use her power over men. she and her african-american co-worker and friend chico hop a freight train to new york city, but are discovered by a railroad worker who threatens to have them thrown in jail. she says, "wait ... can't we talk this over?" it is strongly implied that she has sex with him to change his mind.  in new york, lily goes inside the gotham trust building. she seduces the personnel worker to land a job. her progress, sleeping her way to the top, is shown in a recurring metaphor. in the filing department, lily begins an affair with jimmy mccoy jr., who recommends her for promotion to his boss, brody. she quickly seduces brody and is transferred to the mortgage department. brody and lily are caught in flagrante delicto by a rising young executive, ned stevens. brody is fired, but lily claims brody forced himself on her. ned believes her, and gives her a position in his accounting department. although ned is engaged to ann carter, the daughter of first vice president j. p. carter, lily quickly seduces him. when ann calls to say she will be visiting, lily arranges to have ann see her embracing ned. ann runs crying to her father, who tells him to fire lily. ned refuses, so j.p. goes to see lily himself. lily claims she had no idea ned was engaged and that he was her first boyfriend. she seduces j.p., and he installs her in a lavish apartment, with chico as her maid. ned, pining for lily, tracks her down on christmas day, but she spurns him. he later returns to her apartment to ask her to marry him, but finds j.p. there. he shoots and kills j.p. and then himself. courtland trenholm, the grandson of gotham trust's founder, is elected bank president to handle the resulting scandal. the board of directors, learning that lily has agreed to sell her diary to the press, summons her to a meeting. she tells them she is a victim of circumstance who merely wants to make an honest living. the board offers her $15,000 to withhold her diary, but courtland, seizing on her claim that she simply wants to restart her life, instead offers her a position at the bank's paris office. she reluctantly accepts. when courtland travels to paris on business some time later, he is surprised and impressed to find lily not only still working there but promoted to head of the travel bureau. he soon falls under her spell and marries her. unlike her previous conquests, courtland sees she is scheming and self-centered, but admires her spirit nonetheless. while on their honeymoon, he is called back to new york. the bank has failed due to mismanagement, which the board falsely pins on courtland. he is indicted, and tells lily he must raise a million dollars to finance his defense. he asks her to cash in the bonds, stocks and other valuables he gave her, but she refuses and books tickets back to paris. while waiting for the ship to leave, she changes her mind and rushes back to their apartment. when she arrives, she discovers courtland has shot himself. on the way to the hospital, the attendant assures her that he has a good chance of survival. lily drops her briefcase, spilling money and jewels on the floor. when the attendant points this out, she tearfully tells him she does not care. courtland opens his eyes, sees lily, and smiles at her. some time later, at a meeting of the bank's board of directors, one of them announces that the trenholms have moved to pittsburgh, where courtland works at a steel mill.
corpus document456
the barbarian
a beautiful english socialite, diana standing (myrna loy), and her wealthy fiancé gerald hume (reginald denny) arrive at the train station in cairo, egypt, where they plan to be married. although her mother was egyptian, diana considers herself part of the british upper class. at the station, she is noticed by jamil el shehab (ramon novarro), a handsome good-natured egyptian dragoman who enjoys romancing women tourists and freeing them from some of their jewelry. jamil is immediately captivated by diana and soon talks his way into becoming her official guide and driver in egypt. while touring the pyramids, jamil manages to be alone with diana and romances her with love songs. meanwhile, diana is also being wooed by pasha achmed, her fiancé's unscrupulous egyptian business associate. in order to arrange to be alone with diana, pasha persuades gerald to leave cairo and inspect the aqueduct they are building together. when jamil learns of the deception, he blackmails his countryman to remain silent. later jamil uses his position as a servant to enter diana's hotel bedroom, and kisses her in a moment of passion. although she briefly returns his kiss, diana angrily fires him. soon after, she and gerald set out on a caravan across the desert with a new guide. undaunted by diana's rejection, jamil follows and soon replaces the new guide. that night, jamil's romantic singing has its effect on diana, who is drawn into his arms again. when she realizes what is happening, she is outraged and strikes jamil with a whip. on their way back to cairo, however, jamil sends the rest of the caravan on one route and tricks diana into riding to pasha's oasis retreat, where she is treated like royalty. when pasha arrives, jamil lies to him, telling him that diana paid him to bring her to pasha. when pasha forces himself on her, she cries out for jamil to save her, which he does, and the two ride off together in the night. the next day, pasha's guards catch up to them in the desert, and in the ensuing fight, jamil kills them all. left with only one horse, jamil forces diana to walk behind him while he rides the horse across the desert. at a desert pool, he forces her to wait while he and the horse drink first. that night, weakened by thirst, hunger, and humiliation, diana is raped by jamil. the next day, he takes her to his tribal village, where he reveals his true identity as a prince who worked as a humble dragoman as part of his royal training. when he proposes marriage to her, diana passively accepts. later at the ceremony, however, she tosses the ceremonial marriage water in his face, humiliating him in front of his father and his tribe. devastated by her rejection, jamil provides her an escort to return safely to cairo. after she returns, diana recounts her story of captivity, and the army is dispatched to find and arrest jamil. as diana proceeds with her wedding plans, jamil is still at large. diana's prospective mother-in-law worries that his capture will result in a scandalous rape charge, but she is assured that the charge of piracy alone will carry a death sentence. on the day of the wedding, just before the ceremony, the fugitive jamil returns to her room to sing his romantic song of love to her one last time, placing his life in diana's hands and offering his death as a wedding gift if she rejects him again. realizing that she truly loves him, diana rides off with jamil. sometime later, diana cradles jamil in her arms as they float down the nile together on a boat. when diana quietly reveals that her mother was an egyptian, he assures her that he would love her no matter what her background.
corpus document457
beauty for sale
small town girl letty lawson (madge evans) moves to new york city and lives in a boarding house run by mrs. merrick (may robson). eventually she asks her friend and mrs. merrick's daughter, carol (una merkel), to get her a job at her workplace, an exclusive beauty salon owned by madame sonia barton (hedda hopper). though both carol and her brother bill (edward j. nugent), who is in love with her, warn her that it is not a fit place for a young woman of good character, letty insists she knows what she is getting into. after proving herself, letty is sent on a house call to attend to spoiled, scatterbrained, chatty mrs. sherwood (alice brady). when she leaves, she discovers her hat has been chewed up by mrs. smallwood's pekingese. lawyer mr. sherwood (otto kruger) returns home and is quite fond of letty and offers her to go and buy her an expensive replacement. by chance, she meets him again when they both seek shelter from a rainstorm in the same place. smallwood is delighted when a fear of lightning makes letty reflexively seek the comfort of his arms several times. they start seeing each other, though nothing very improper occurs. meanwhile, carol has a rich, older, indulgent boyfriend, freddy gordon (charley grapewin), while jane (florine mckinney), another salon employee, is secretly seeing burt (phillips holmes), madame sonia's mining engineer son. finally, sherwood asks letty to take the next step in their relationship. she asks for a week to think it over. carol convinces freddy to take her along on his business trip to paris. while seeing her off aboard the ocean liner, letty runs into the bartons. when letty later mentions that burt is leaving on the same ship as carol, jane becomes very upset. it turns out that burt had promised to marry her the next day after she told him she was pregnant. though letty tries to comfort her, late that night jane leaps from her window to her death. influenced by the examples of both jane and carol (after her first and only love turned out to be a married man who eventually went back to his wife, she became calculating and cynical), letty turns sherwood down. then, she reluctantly agrees to marry bill. specifically requested by mrs. sherwood, letty is forced by madame sonia to go to her home. when her client notices her engagement ring, she reveals that she is getting married soon. mr. sherwood coolly congratulates her. however, on the wedding day, she cannot go through with it. the next day, mrs. sherwood asks her husband for a divorce so she can marry robert abbott (john roche), the architect of the new country mansion she had commissioned. she tells him that she will ask for no alimony, as she is independently wealthy. sherwood is furious, as it is after letty's supposed wedding, but is quite willing to let his wife go. carol, having finally gotten freddy to propose, goes house hunting. the real estate agent takes them to see the sherwood mansion. when he reveals that it is being sold because the couple are divorcing, letty rushes over to the real estate office to stop the sale and be reunited with her love.
corpus document458
a bedtime story
chevalier plays a parisian playboy who finds himself obliged to care for an abandoned baby. the film was directed by norman taurog and also stars edward everett horton, helen twelvetrees, and baby leroy (in his film debut, as the baby).
corpus document459
before dawn
dying gangster joe valerie (frank reicher) reveals the hiding place of a million dollars in loot to his physician dr. cornelius (warner oland). the sinister austrian doctor has designs on the money, but must first outwit detective dwight wilson (stuart erwin) and clairvoyant patricia merrick (dorothy wilson). the setting is an eerie, possibly haunted house in small town america, where the stash is hidden, and the bodies begin piling up.
corpus document460
berkeley square
in 1784, shortly after the united states wins its independence, american peter standish (leslie howard) sails from new york to england to marry his cousin. upon hearing of a frenchman crossing the english channel in a balloon, peter regrets that he will not be able to see the marvels the future has in store. in 1933, his descendant, also named peter standish (leslie howard again), unexpectedly inherits a house in berkeley square, london. he becomes increasingly obsessed with his ancestor's diary, causing his fiancée marjorie frant (betty lawford) great concern. when they have tea with the american ambassador (samuel s. hinds), peter confides to the diplomat with eager anticipation his conviction that he will be transported back 149 years at 5:30 that day. peter is convinced that all he needs to do is follow his ancestor's diary, since he already knows what happens, from reading it. he rushes home, and just as he opens the door, he is indeed back in 1784, taking the place of the earlier peter standish just as he arrives at the house, then owned by his relations, the pettigrews. lady ann (irene browne), and her grown offspring, tom (colin keith-johnston), kate (valerie taylor) and helen (heather angel) are there to greet him. the pettigrews, being in desperate financial straits, are anxious for kate to marry the wealthy american. peter is determined not to alter the future he has read about, until he sees helen for the first time. he tries to fight his attraction to her, but ultimately fails. helen, meanwhile, is being pressed by her mother to marry mr. throstle (ferdinand gottschalk), but, helen has determined, even before peter's arrival, not to marry. she later confesses to peter, that she had been dreaming of him, before she saw him. as time goes on, peter keeps inadvertently giving offense with his unfamiliarity with 18th century customs. people also begin to fear him, as he blunders and speaks of things which have not yet taken place. for example, when he commissions sir joshua reynolds to paint his portrait, he praises another reynolds work by name, one the painter has only just begun. kate becomes convinced that peter is demonically possessed and breaks their engagement. helen, however, is sympathetic to his difficulties, and falls in love with him. helen eventually presses peter for an explanation of his "second sight", which he has only hinted at. though he refuses to speak openly, she somehow sees in his eyes visions of his modern world, with all its horrors as well as its marvels, and guesses the truth. knowing he has become disillusioned, living among ghosts born 149 years before his time, and desperately unhappy with the day-to-day realities of her era (including a lack of hygiene and plumbing, and not bathing regularly in what he calls a "filthy little pigsty of a world"), she urges him to return to his own time. he wants to stay with her regardless of the consequences, but in the end, he does go back to 1933. when he visits helen's grave, he learns that she died on june 15, 1787 at the age of 23. marjorie comes to see him, worried about his sanity because he has been saying that he is from the 18th century. peter believes his ancestor had switched places with him. he tells her he cannot marry her. peter is consoled by the epitaph on helen's grave, and her conviction that they will be together, "not in my time, nor in yours, but in god's".
corpus document461
the bitter tea of general yen
in the late 1920s in shanghai during the chinese civil war, as throngs of refugees flee the rainswept city, a couple of elderly missionaries welcomes guests to their home for the wedding of dr. robert strike, a fellow missionary, and megan davis, his childhood sweetheart whom he has not seen in three years. some of the missionaries have a cynical view of the chinese people they have come to save. shortly after megan arrives, her fiancé bob rushes in and postpones the wedding so he can rescue a group of orphans who are in danger from the spreading civil war. megan insists on accompanying him on his mission. on the way they stop at the headquarters of general yen, a powerful chinese warlord who controls the shanghai region. while megan waits in the car, bob pleads with the general for a safe passage pass so he can save the orphans. contemptuous of bob's missionary zeal, general yen gives him a worthless paper that describes bob's foolishness. bob and megan reach st. andrews orphanage safely, but the pass only makes the soldiers laugh and steal their car when they try to leave with the children. the missionaries and children eventually reach the train station, but in the chaos, bob and megan are both knocked unconscious and are separated. sometime later, megan regains consciousness in the private troop train of general yen, attended by his concubine, mah-li. when they arrive at the general's summer palace, they are greeted by a man, jones, yen's american financial advisor, who tells him that he has succeeded in raising six million dollars, hidden in a nearby boxcar, for general yen's war chest. megan is shocked by the brutality of the executions conducted outside her window. fascinated and attracted by the young beautiful missionary, the general has his men move the executions out of earshot and assures her that he will send her back to shanghai as soon as it is safe. one evening, megan drifts off to sleep and has an unsettling erotic dream about the general who comes to her rescue and kisses her passionately. soon after, she accepts the general's invitation to dinner. while they are dining, the general learns that his concubine mah-li has betrayed him with captain li, one of his soldiers. later, after general yen arrests mah-li for being a spy, megan tries to intervene, appealing to his better nature. the general challenges her to prove her christian ideals by forfeiting her own life if mah-li proves unfaithful again. megan naively accepts and ends up unwittingly helping mah-li betray the general by passing information to his enemies about the location of his hidden fortune. with the information provided by mah-li, the general's enemies steal his fortune, leaving him financially ruined and deserted by his soldiers and servants. general yen is unable to take megan's life—it is too precious to him. when she leaves his room in tears, he prepares a cup of poisoned tea for himself. megan returns, dressed in the fine chinese garments he gave her. she waits on him in the gentle manner of a concubine. when she says she could never leave him, he only smiles, then drinks the poisoned tea. sometime later, megan and jones are on a boat headed back to shanghai. while discussing the beauty and tragedy of the general's life, jones comforts megan by saying that one day she will be with him again in another life.
corpus document462
blind adventure
on his first visit to london, a witless american gets involved with a gang of crooks and with the help of a canadian girl they con their way through a maze of false clues and bungled attempts to find the truth.
corpus document463
blondie johnson
set during the great depression, blondie johnson quits her job after her boss sexually harasses her. she next is evicted with her sick mother but cannot get relief. after her mother dies, blondie is determined to become rich. she soon gets involved in the criminal circuit and falls in love with a gangster (morris), whom she convinces to take down his boss. blondie eventually climbs up the criminal ladder, becoming boss to the "little navy" gang.
corpus document464
bombshell
movie star lola burns (jean harlow) is angry with her studio publicist e.j. "space" hanlon (lee tracy), who feeds the press with endless stories about her greatness. lola's family and staff are another cause of distress for her, as everybody is always trying to take money from the actress. all burns really wants is to live a normal life and prove to the public that she's not a sexy vamp but a proper lady. she tries to adopt a baby, but hanlon, who secretly loves her, thwarts all her plans. burns decides she can't stand any more of such a life, and flees. far from the movie fluff, she meets wealthy and romantic gifford middleton (franchot tone), who hates the movies and therefore has never heard about lola burns and her bad press. they soon fall in love and gifford proposes marriage. burns is to meet her fiancé's parents, but everything collapses when hanlon together with burns' family finds her, and tells the middletons the truth. burns feels hurt by the rude way gifford and his parents dump her, and accepts hanlon's suggestion to return to hollywood with no regrets. she does not know that the three middletons were all actors hired by hanlon himself.
corpus document465
the bowery
in the gay nineties, on new york's bowery, saloon owner chuck connors (beery), finds that his rival, steve brodie (raft), has thrown a muskmelon at his window. the happy-go-lucky brodie explains that he threw the melon on a dare. as connors threatens to fight him, the two learn of a fire in neighboring chinatown. both men call upon their volunteer fire brigades, and wager $100 on which will be the first to throw water on the fire. although brodie is first to arrive, he finds connor's young pal, swipes mcgurk (cooper), sitting on a barrel placed over the fire hydrant preventing brodie from using it first. connors arrives and the rival fire fighters brawl as the fire reduces the building to a smoldering ruin, presumably incinerating the crowd of chinese trapped inside who had been screaming for help at the window. brodie vows revenge on connors, leading to a $500 bet that a fighter, whom brodie calls "the masked marvel," can beat "bloody butch" a prizefighter managed by conners. conners accepts, and the "marvel" knocks out bloody butch with one punch. after the fight, the "marvel" is revealed to be john l. sullivan (george walsh). connors meets a homeless girl named lucy calhoun (fay wray) and takes her to his apartment, where he lives with swipes, and lets her spend the night. in the morning, he is pleasantly surprised (and swipes annoyed), to find that lucy has cleaned up the place and cooked breakfast. swipes later locks lucy in a closet and, when connors finds her, spanks him. humiliated, swipes packs and leaves. that night, brodie invites swipes to move in with him, which he does. finding out about lucy, brodie attempts to seduce her, thinking that she is connors' mistress. she bites his hand, drawing blood, and after learning her identity, he apologizes and asks if he can call on her. they soon fall in love, and brodie reveals his ambition to run a saloon bigger than connors'. when two brewers offer to sponsor him if he can bring his name into prominence, brodie decides to jump off the brooklyn bridge as a stunt. connors bets his saloon against a free burial that brodie won't survive. scheming to avoid actually jumping, brodie gets a life-sized dummy made up to look like him and arranges for swipes to throw it off the bridge at the time of the jump. as a crowd of 100,000 gathers at the bridge, swipes finds the dummy missing. swipes observes, in dialogue that sounds eerily current to the modern ear, "they were hip to us so they copped it." despite swipes's pleas, and left without any other option, brodie vows to make the jump anyway, so that no one can say he didn't take a dare. meanwhile, temperance activist carrie nation and her band of women arrive at connors' saloon to tear it down with axes and hatchets. when he sees brodie lifted in a parade after making the jump, however, connors encourages the activists to destroy the saloon, which they do. brodie re-opens the refurbished saloon, and when war is declared against spain, connors enlists in an effort to get away from the bowery, where he is no longer a big shot. when he returns to his apartment to pack, he finds that swipes has returned and reconciles with the boy. professional rivals of brodie's then find connors and deceitfully tell him that brodie did not actually jump from the bridge, showing him the dummy. connors demands brodie give his saloon back. brodie denies using the dummy, and the two have a long fight on a barge in the east river to settle their differences. after connors returns victorious, he is arrested for assault and battery with intent to kill. brodie, however, refuses to implicate him. as brodie recovers, connors visits his hospital only to begin another fight, but swipes stops them and urges them to become friends. after they shake hands, connors dares brodie to join him in cuba. at a parade for departing soldiers, connors tells lucy to kiss brodie goodbye, and after she does, she also kisses connors. the men lament not being able to say goodbye to swipes, but they soon see, to their delight, that he is hiding in an artillery box on the supply wagon just ahead of them.
corpus document466
brief moment
rodney deane (gene raymond) is a rich playboy who falls in love with nightclub singer abby fane (carole lombard). abby wants him to get a job, so he begins working for his father. she later finds out that he is not taking the work seriously and stills spends his days at the racetrack, so she leaves him. rodney then changes his name and gets a real job. they are reuinted by abby's boss.
corpus document467
broadway bad
married chorus girl rides scandal to stardom.
corpus document468
broadway through a keyhole
racketeer frank rocci is smitten with joan whelan, a dancer at texas guinan's famous broadway night spot. he uses his influence to help her get a starring role in the show, hoping that it will also get joan to fall in love with him. after scoring a hit, joan accepts frank's marriage proposal, more out of gratitude than love. the situation gets even stickier when she falls for a handsome band leader during a trip to florida. can she tell frank she's in love with someone else?
corpus document469
bureau of missing persons
brash detective butch saunders is demoted from the robbery division to the bureau of missing persons. captain webb, his new boss, is unsure whether butch will fit in or is on his way out of the police department. webb assigns joe musik to show butch around. gradually, butch earns webb's respect and trust. cases the bureau handles include a philandering husband, a child prodigy who yearns to live a normal life, an aging bachelor whose housekeeper has disappeared, and an old lady whose daughter has run away, among others. hank slade works doggedly on one particular case - a missing wife - throughout the film, only to discover that she has been working at the bureau the whole time, right under his nose. when attractive norma roberts comes looking for her missing chicago investment banker husband therme roberts, butch takes the case, making no secret that he is attracted to her, even though they are both married. she, however, keeps him at arm's length. butch is later shocked when captain webb tells him that she is really norma phillips and the man she claims is missing is actually the person she was on trial for murdering (before escaping) and not her husband at all. when butch goes to arrest her at her apartment, he finds her hiding in a closet. norma begs him to send the other policemen away, telling him she can explain everything. however, when he returns alone, she has fled. she fakes her suicide by drowning and disappears, but shows up when butch stages her funeral with a borrowed corpse. when butch spots her, she tells him that, as roberts' personal secretary, she discovered he had a mentally defective, idiotic twin brother, whom he took great pains to hide from everyone. she claims that, facing embezzlement charges, therme murdered his brother and disappeared. norma attended the funeral in hopes that he would show up as well. she points a man out. butch and norma chase him to his apartment building. butch tells norma to remain outside for her safety while he apprehends the man. when he returns, norma has vanished. the man denies being roberts, but butch takes him to the police station. there, to his relief, he finds norma, who had gone for help. webb tricks him into admitting he is therme roberts, and when butch learns his gold-digging wife belle never divorced her first husband (the husband shows up at the bureau looking for her), he and norma are free to be together.
corpus document470
by candlelight
during a european train journey, a nobleman's butler josef (paul lukas) is mistaken for his employer prince alfred von rommer (nils asther) by a beautiful woman, marie (elissa landi), and he does nothing to disillusion her. in due course, the prince himself arrives and is mistaken for his servant.
corpus document471
captured!
british captain fred allison (leslie howard) bids farewell to his new wife, monica (margaret lindsay), whom he has only known for six days, and sets out for the war. he ends up a prisoner of war (pow), tortured by the fact that his wife has not written to him since the early days of his two year captivity. when a fellow inmate shoots a guard, the prisoners make an impromptu unsuccessful dash for freedom, resulting in much bloodshed on both sides. as punishment, they are locked in a crowded cell for about a month. finally, a new commandant, oberst carl ehrlich (paul lukas), takes charge of the camp. allison persuades ehrlich (a fellow oxford alumnus) to rescind the punishment. one day, a fresh batch of pows arrives. allison is delighted to find his oldest and best friend among them, royal flying corps lieutenant jack "dig" digby (douglas fairbanks jr.). for some reason though, dig is not as pleased to see him. however, allison attributes that to their situation. dig is determined to escape, regardless of the consequences to his fellow prisoners. he does manage to break free, stealing an airplane from the nearby airfield. the germans find his coat near the dead body of elsa (joyce coad), a woman who delivered fresh food to the camp. ehrlich writes to the allies, demanding dig's return to stand trial for rape and murder. allison refuses to cooperate, until he recognizes the handwriting on a letter found in the coat. when he reads it, he discovers that monica and dig have been carrying on an affair for the last six months. allison then adds his signature to ehrlich's request. on the strength of allison's endorsement, the british do send dig back. dig refuses to defend himself, insisting only that he knows allison's motive for bringing him back. he is found guilty and sentenced to death by firing squad. the real perpetrator, strogin (john bleifer), writes a note confessing to the crime, then hangs himself. allison finds the note, but instead of notifying the germans, crumples it up. just before dig is to be executed, allison's conscience makes him show the confession to ehrlich. afterward, allison tells dig he will give monica up. all along, allison has been planning a mass escape. he seizes the machine gun guarding the front gate, then holds off the guards while his comrades escape. the pows race to the airfield, overcome the aircrews there, and fly off in a squadron of bombers preparing for their nightly raid. allison is killed by a grenade. when ehrlich finds his body, he salutes.
corpus document472
cavalcade
on the last day of 1899, jane and robert marryot, an upper-class couple, return to their townhouse in a fashionable area of london before midnight, so they can keep their tradition of celebrating the new year with a midnight toast. although jane and robert have been married for some years and have two young sons, edward and joey, they are still very much in love. jane worries because robert has joined the city of london imperial volunteers (civ) as an officer, and will soon be leaving to serve in the second boer war, where jane's brother is already fighting in the siege of mafeking. downstairs, the marryots' butler alfred bridges mixes punch for their toast, while cook dons her finest outfit to attend the public outdoor celebrations. alfred has joined the civ as a private and is also leaving soon. his wife ellen, the marryots' maid, worries about what will become of her and their new baby fanny if alfred is killed or seriously injured, but he is confident despite the pessimistic predictions of ellen's elderly mother, mrs. snapper. at midnight, the marryot and bridges families ring in the new century while cook dances with other revelers in the street. shortly thereafter, jane bids an emotional farewell to robert at the dock when he boards the troop ship bound for africa, while ellen tearfully sees off alfred, who is leaving on the same ship. while robert is away, jane's friend margaret harris keeps her company and gives her emotional support. margaret's young daughter edith plays boer war games with edward and joey marryot using toy soldiers and cannons, which distresses jane. while jane and margaret are attending a comic operetta at the theatre to take jane's mind off the war, the relief of mafeking is announced from the stage, and the audience cheers. robert and alfred soon return home unharmed, to the delight of their families, and robert is knighted for his service. upon his arrival, alfred announces to his wife and mother-in-law that he has bought his own pub with money partly provided by robert, and he and ellen will be leaving service and moving to a flat, along with fanny and mrs. snapper. as the downstairs staff have a cup of tea to celebrate alfred's return, they receive news of the death of queen victoria. robert rides in the beginning part of her funeral procession and the family and staff watch it from their upstairs windows. a few years later, in 1908, alfred has developed a drinking problem and is managing the pub poorly and getting behind on the family's rent due to spending the rent money on drink. ellen and fanny, now a schoolgirl, are embarrassed and put off by alfred's drinking and slovenly appearance. ellen carefully plans a genteel social evening when jane marryot and her son edward, who is now in college at oxford, pay a visit to the bridges' flat. ellen does not tell alfred about the visit and lies to the marryots that he can't attend due to a leg injury, but just as the marryots are leaving, alfred shows up drunk, acts rudely and destroys a doll that jane had given fanny, causing fanny to run away into the street, where she distracts herself by dancing with some pearlies. an angry alfred chases fanny, attacks the pearlies, and then stumbles into the street where he is fatally run over by a horse-drawn fire engine. the following year, on july 25, 1909, ellen and fanny bridges encounter the marryot family again at the seaside, where ellen explains that she and fanny are living off the proceeds from the pub, now owned by ellen. fanny has become a talented dancer and singer. edward marryot has fallen in love with his childhood playmate edith harris. the family witnesses the historic flight by louis blériot over the english channel. three years later, by april 1912, edward and edith have married and are spending their honeymoon on a luxurious four funneled ocean liner, which is dramatically revealed by a camera shot on a life preserver on board to be the ill-fated rms titanic. later scenes make it clear that edward and edith both perished in the sinking, although the sinking itself, their deaths, and their families' initial reaction to it are not shown, it is only briefly mentioned in later dialogue. two years later, in 1914, world war i breaks out. robert and joe marryot both serve as officers, thinking the war will be over within a few months. while on leave, joe happens upon fanny bridges, whom he remembers from their childhood, performing as a featured singer and dancer in a nightclub. he re-introduces himself to her, and they bond while witnessing a zeppelin air raid on london from the rooftop. she later becomes the star of a theatrical production. fanny and joe fall in love and joe, who miraculously manages to survive the next four years of the war despite all his fellow officers being killed in action, spends most of his leave time with her, unbeknownst to his parents. he finally proposes, but she hesitates to say yes due to the difference in their social classes, although she does love him. just after armistice is announced in 1918, ellen, who has found out about fanny and joe's love affair, goes to see jane, reveals the affair to her, and demands that joe marry fanny when he returns. while a surprised and upset jane is arguing with ellen, jane receives a telegram informing her that joe has been killed in battle. later, a grief-stricken jane walks sadly through armistice celebrations in trafalgar square. following the war, a montage shows daily life becoming even more chaotic and the social order being further disrupted, while some advocate that mankind work towards peace. the film ends on new year's day 1933, with jane and robert, now elderly, carrying on their tradition of celebrating the new year with a midnight toast to their past memories, as well as to the future.
corpus document473
chance at heaven
an ambitious mechanic is tempted to desert his wonderful girlfriend when a silly but rich debutante falls for him. marje is in love with blackie, the owner of a local garage. blackie says he loves marje, but marje knows that blackie is truly in love with glory. marje tells blackie to follow his heart and marry glory. much to the great dismay of her very wealthy mother, glory and blackie elope and settle into blackie's bungalow. the newlyweds are happy and an unlikely friendship develops between glory and marje. one day, glory learns that she is pregnant. seizing the opportunity, glory's mother spirits her off to new york so that she can be better cared for while in her delicate condition. the visit to new york turns from weeks into months. finally, blackie can wait no longer to see his wife when he learns from marje that glory isn't coming home, but is instead going to los angeles. blackie arrives at the nearly empty new york apartment just as glory and her mother are about to leave. glory's mother tells blackie that he shouldn't have come, explaining that glory has changed. when glory enters the room, she is distant. she tells blackie that the marriage was a mistake and wants a divorce. when blackie asks about the baby, glory coldly states that the small town doctor was wrong and that she was never pregnant. a despondent blackie returns home to his bungalow and finds that marje is there and has made his favorite dinner. the two state their love for each other. it is implied that now blackie can truly love marje and that she will marry him.
corpus document474
child of manhattan
taxi dancer madeleine mcgonegle (nancy carroll) attracts the attention of millionaire paul vanderkill (john boles), and when she becomes pregnant, they get married to avoid a scandal. when the baby dies at birth, madeleine runs away to mexico, to give paul the divorce she thinks he wants. there, she meets "panama canal" kelly (cowboy star buck jones), an old friend who proposed to her before he went west. undeterred by her recent past, he asks her again to get married, and she eventually agrees. when paul discovers where she is, he shows up just as the couple is about to be wed. when panama overhears madeleine confess her love to paul, he bows out of the picture.[1][2][3]
corpus document475
christopher bean
when news that several paintings by deceased artist christopher bean, whose life few people know anything about, may be located at the home of dr. milton haggett, new york art critic maxwell davenport and rival art dealers rosen and tallant set off for haggett's massachusett's home. there, the unsuspecting, impoverished haggett family receives a telegram from davenport informing them that he will be arriving at noon to discuss his favorite artist, christopher bean. milton and hannah haggett and their unmarried daughters susan and ada are surprised by the telegram, as they had always regarded bean as a failed incompetent. only their homely maid abby, who is about to quit and leave for chicago, has fond memories of the dead painter. before davenport's scheduled arrival, warren creamer, a former student of bean who makes his living as a paperhanger, comes by the haggett house to court susan. because warren's prospects appear dim, susan's social climbing mother hannah discourages his visit, while the less appealing ada, who is determined to marry before her younger sister, boldly competes for his attentions. when warren makes clear his intentions to marry susan, however, both hannah and ada angrily throw him out of the house. a short time later, tallant arrives at the haggetts' and, while posing as the magnanimous davenport, gives milton one hundred dollars as payment for bean's long-outstanding medical bills. surprised by his apparent good fortune, milton happily gives tallant a bean painting, which he had been using to stop leaks in his chicken house. when tallant learns that the back of another bean painting has been used as a canvas by ada, he buys her amateurish painting for fifty dollars. later, after she has agreed to help susan and warren elope, abby is approached by the conniving tallant, who knows that bean had a special rapport with the haggetts' maid. abby reveals that bean painted a portrait of her just before he died, but refuses to sell it to tallant. moments later, rosen shows up at the house and offers milton $1,000 for any bean paintings he may have. before milton agrees to rosen's deal, davenport arrives and, after identifying himself, explains to the haggetts that bean's work is now worth tens of thousands of dollars. the haggetts then receive a telegram from the new york metropolitan museum, which offers them a sizable sum for their bean paintings. inspired by the promise of big money, the haggetts begin a desperate search throughout the house, but quit when hannah finally confesses that, years before, she threw a bundle of bean canvases into a bonfire. determined to cash in on their old acquaintance, milton, hannah and ada try to trick the still uninformed abby out of her portrait by offering to buy it for fifty dollars. after abby refuses to sell, the painting's true worth is revealed to her, and she angrily decries her employer while admitting that she had saved seventeen canvases from hannah's fire and has them packed in a trunk. despite milton's attempts to bargain with her, abby hangs on to her paintings and prepares to leave for chicago. in greedy desperation, milton snatches the canvases from abby's trunk, but relents when she confesses that she married bean on his deathbed and is his legal widow. on the train to chicago, abby then ponders the future of the valuable paintings, while the eloping susan and warren plan their future together.
corpus document476
christopher strong
in london monica (helen chandler) and her boyfriend harry attend a scavenger hunt party given by monica's aunt, carrie. when nearly everyone wins, carrie announces a new challenge: women must find a man who has been married over 5 years who is still faithful and men must find a woman over 20 who has never had a love affair. though harry has been married over 5 years and monica is 21 neither fits the other requirement. monica departs to find her father, sir christopher strong (colin clive), a member of parliament, who she knows has always been faithful to her mother. harry goes to follow her and has a motorbike crash where he is helped by lady cynthia darrington (katharine hepburn), a pilot, who he discovers is over 20 and has never had a love affair. at the party cynthia and christopher are introduced and cynthia and monica become friends. despite christopher's wife, lady elaine (billie burke), being suspicious of the friendship between christopher and cynthia, christopher puts her off by insisting that cynthia is a good influence on monica. after monica comes home drunk with harry one night, elaine tells him if he is an honourable man he won't see her daughter again. harry assents and breaks things off with monica. upset, monica begs christopher to take her to paris to see cynthia perform in an aerial show. from there, they invite cynthia on to their vacation home in cannes. at cannes christopher realizes that he is in love with cynthia. at a party, when his wife has gone home alone, he lets monica go home with a strange man, carlos, so that he and cynthia can be alone. they confess they are in love with one another, but cynthia decides to break off the affair before anything can begin. she and christopher vow not see one another. months later, harry has divorced his wife to marry monica, but refuses to marry her after discovering that she has been with carlos. monica decides to kill herself, but before she can, she goes to tell cynthia, who tells her that harry will forgive her. at monica's behest she also calls christopher to tell him not to read the suicide note monica has sent him. he does read it, and in a fit of gratitude goes to see cynthia. to break things off cynthia decides to join a competition to see who can pilot a plane around the world the fastest, ending in new york. christopher, who has been sent to new york city for work, meets her there and the two begin an affair. christopher has her promise not to fly anymore as he thinks it is too dangerous. months later christopher and cynthia meet in a small out of the way location, where cynthia admits that she misses flying. they are seen confessing their love to one another by monica and harry, now married, who used to frequent the location during the course of their affair and stopped by for sentimental reasons. monica and harry tell elaine and christopher that they are expecting a child, and both are delighted. at the same time cynthia learns that she will be unable to return to flying because she is pregnant. discussing the hypothetical with christopher, cynthia learns that if he knew she was pregnant he would leave his wife and marry her out of duty. cynthia decides not to tell christopher about the pregnancy. she instead decides to break the world record for height achieved in air. once the record has been broken, cynthia takes off her oxygen mask causing her to lose consciousness and the plane to nosedive.
corpus document477
the circus queen murder
new york police commissioner thatcher colt (adolphe menjou) decides to take a vacation after six years of fighting crime, accompanied by his attractive secretary, miss kelly (ruthelma stevens). on the train to their destination, they spot a rundown circus, "the greater john t rainey shows", heading to the same place. the circus is home to a love triangle: josie la tour (greta nissen), her husband flandrin (dwight frye) (whom she is intent on divorcing), and her lover the great sebastian (donald cook (actor)), all three trapeze performers. jim dugan (harry holman), the circus's press agent, recognizes his old friend colt as the circus parades through town and gives him and kelly free passes. josie la tour's horse is spooked and runs away with her; fortunately, la tour escapes unharmed. dugan takes a reluctant colt to see rainey (george rosener) that night. rainey tells him that someone is out to destroy his show; each of the principal performers received an anonymous note telling them not to perform tomorrow - friday the 13th - or they will die. he also cites la tour's near accident. colt, however, suspects that it is all a publicity stunt concocted by dugan. kelly reveals that the runaway horse was engineered by flandrin popping a balloon; she also was able to lipread what flandrin said to his wife just before: "you double-crossing cheat. i'll kill the both of you." rainey also informs colt that la tour, the star attraction, owns half the circus. when they go to see flandrin, they find a note saying that he is the "first to go", a bullet hole in the window of his wagon and blood on his cot. however, there is no body, which arouses colt's suspicions. then la tour's beloved dog is found with its throat cut. as colt is questioning la tour, someone throws a voodoo doll through her window. the next day, kelly reports that the blood is not human. colt surmises that it is dog's blood, and he noticed an extra member of the "cannibal" troupe last night, flandrin in disguise. colt searches the circus for the madman. he advises rainey to cancel the performance, but la tour insists on going on with the show. outside, unnoticed, flandrin climbs to the top of the big top tent. sebastian is nearly killed when one of trapeze ropes gives way, partially cut by flandrin, but he escapes unscathed. the audience believes it is all part of his act. then la tour performs, also on the trapeze. flandrin shoots her with a poison dart using a blowgun. she falls to the ground and dies. afterward, when colt roams the grounds, he encounters flandrin, armed with a pistol and holding kelly captive. he orders colt to see to it that sebastian is alone in the tent with la tour's body. when he sees people leave the tent, he ventures inside with kelly, then shoots sebastian in the back. fortunately, it is actually colt in disguise and wearing bulletproof clothing (borrowed from the circus). flandrin races into the big top to put on his last performance, high in the air. at the end, he shoots himself.
corpus document478
the cohens and kellys in trouble
kelly's daughter falls for a revenue agent, and his divorced wife is after alimony.
corpus document479
college coach
calvert college begins taking football more seriously, over the objections of dr. sargeant, the president of the school. coach gore is brought in and given a free rein, which he uses to pay money to standout players. he is so obsessed with winning that he ignores his wife, claire. the president's son, phil sargeant, is also an outstanding athlete, but is far more interested in studying chemistry. he is persuaded to join the team, however, and becomes the fourth of the "four aces" who begin leading calvert to victories. football stars begin feeling entitled to things, including favoritism in the classroom. one of them, weaver, even makes a pass at the coach's wife. phil sargeant is offended when given a passing grade for a chemistry test he didn't even complete. he quarrels with the coach and quits the team. gore catches his wife having dinner with a player and kicks weaver off the squad. soon the team is losing games and funds, which even threatens the future of the science department. phil decides to play again for that reason, and claire explains to her husband that the dinner was innocent. weaver is reinstated as well, calvert wins the big game and the coach offers to quit, but is given a second chance by his wife and the college.[5]
corpus document480
college humor
barney shirrel (oakie) starts his first semester at mid west university and works his way up in the fraternity with the help of tex roust (joe sawyer) and mondrake (arlen), an alcoholic college football star. barney is passionate about engineering and the law, and between his varied studies, football, and the fraternity, he neglects his girl friend amber (kornman). in the next term, mondrake gives his class sweater to barney's sister barbara (carlisle). his drinking problem intensifies, however, when he learns that barbara is falling in love with professor danvers (crosby), the singing drama teacher. when mondrake fails to show up at an important football game against a rival university, danvers finds him in jail. with the school's reputation at stake, danvers has him released and takes him to the football field in time to play in the game. afterwards, danvers is called before the college president (lumsden hare). although rivals for barbara's affections, danvers stands up for mondrake. the college president expels mondrake for drunkenness and forces danvers to resign because of his involvement in the matter. feeling guilty over causing mondrake's expulsion, barbara proposes marriage to him. later, however, she admits that she is not in love with him, but with danvers. mondrake bows out of the relationship, and barbara rushes to danvers' side before he leaves. during the next term, barney has followed mondrake's example and taken up drinking and smoking, which is not appealing to amber. at the big football game, barney is in sorry shape. mid west is losing until he receives inspiration from tex, who has returned to watch the game. after being knocked out, barney recovers and wins the game for mid west. some time later, barney and amber get married and they move to his father's dairy, where barney works his way up from the lowest position. barney and amber enjoy listening to danvers singing his song on the radio.
corpus document481
the constant woman
marlene underwood is a star circus performer, whose husband walt buys the circus while their son jimmie worships everything his mother does. marlene leaves them both to go join a larger show, then is killed in a fire, resulting in walt going into a downward spiral of alcohol and sorrow. a woman called lou helps restore walt's faith in human nature, but she is resented by young jimmie, who feels she is trying to take his mother's place. walt gets back on his feet, but now must try to stop jimmie from joining the circus himself.
corpus document482
convention city
the plot revolves around the convention of the honeywell rubber company in atlantic city. throughout the film, the employees of honeywell rubber are mainly concerned with drinking and sex. president j.b. honeywell (grant mitchell) is to choose a new company salesmanager. t.r. kent (adolphe menjou) and george ellerbe (guy kibbee) are two salesmen who both want the job. however, they both get into trouble: t.r. is discredited when jealous saleswoman arlene dale (mary astor) interferes with his attempted seduction of honeywell's daughter claire (patricia ellis) and george attempts to seduce nancy lorraine (joan blondell). the position of sales manager is bestowed upon a drunken employee as a bribe after he catches j.b. about to visit "daisy la rue, exterminator".[4]
corpus document483
corruption
tim butler (preston foster) is elected mayor of a city known for corruption, unfortunately, he is elected by those who are corrupt. butler is set up and removed from office, to only be convicted of killing regan (warner richmond), a major member of the political machine. butler is helped by his loyal assistant, ellen (evalyn knapp) and is eventually exonerated.
corpus document484
counsellor at law
the story focuses on several days in a critical juncture in the life of george simon, who rose from his humble roots in a poor jewish ghetto on the lower east side of manhattan to become a shrewd, highly successful attorney. earlier in his career, he allowed a guilty client to perjure himself on the witness stand because he believed the man could be rehabilitated if freed. rival lawyer francis clark baird has learned about the incident and is threatening to expose george, which will lead to his disbarment. the possibility of a public scandal horrifies his socialite wife cora, who plans to flee to europe with roy darwin. devastated by his wife's infidelity, george is about to leap from the window of his office in the empire state building when his secretary regina, who is in love with him, comes to his rescue.
corpus document485
the crime of the century
a bank official, whom a doctor had earlier hypnotized to obtain money from the bank's vault, is found murdered.
corpus document486
damaged lives
the film involves an extramarital encounter that leads the wife of the main character into killing herself and her husband. a boss insists that a young executive, with an important job and a long term girlfriend, go out with him to a party and while out at the party he sleeps with a young wealthy woman, elise (charlotte merriam), and contracts a dangerous venereal disease from her. the girlfriend is so upset that she commits suicide.
corpus document487
dancing lady
janie barlow (joan crawford) is a young dancer who is reduced to stripping in a burlesque show. arrested for indecent exposure, she is bailed out by millionaire playboy tod newton (franchot tone) who was attracted to her while slumming at the theatre with his society pals. when she tries to get a part in a broadway musical, tod intercedes with director patch gallagher (clark gable) to get her the job: he will put his money into the show, if janie is given a part in the chorus. even though he needs the money, patch is resistant, until he sees janie dance and realizes her talent. when, after hard work and perseverance, janie is elevated to the star's part – replacing vivian warner (gloria foy) – tod is afraid he will lose any chance of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the show, and janie, out of work, goes away with him. patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money, and when janie returns and finds out that tod has deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps him and joins up with her new sweetheart, patch, to put on the show, which is a smash hit.
corpus document488
deluge
scientists discover that a violent storm is heading toward new york city and begin the warning process throughout the city. they believe that something is wrong with the natural barometer patterns and that an unprecedented event is imminent. a sudden eclipse of the sun verifies their notions and it seems that global destruction is near. telegraphs from rome and london explain days of unending earthquakes and state "the end of the world is at hand." tremendous earthquakes hit the pacific coast, killing millions and it is reported that the entire western coast of the us has been demolished. the earthquakes have also caused major tsunamis in the oceans and disaster is just moments away. martin webster (sidney blackmer) and his wife helen (lois wilson) prepare for the disaster by gathering their children and some essentials and head for a high rock formation to escape the floods. martin goes back to the house to get more food and clothes, but while he is gone from helen's side, the destruction of new york begins. buildings crumble from earthquakes and tsunami waters envelope the city. martin returns to find his wife and daughters are nowhere to be found. in the aftermath, grief-stricken martin builds a shelter and tries to survive on his own. in another part of the new york city outskirts, two men, jepson (fred kohler) and norwood (ralf harolde), surviving in a cabin, find claire (peggy shannon) unconscious and washed up upon the shore. after her recovery, the men start feuding about who gets to take care of her and become very possessive. when claire realizes that the situation is becoming uncomfortable, she flees. claire is a world-class swimmer, so she swims across the waters for her safety, leaving the men angry and vengeful. jepson kills norwood and begins to search for claire, vowing to bring her back. claire washes up upon another shore, where martin finds her this time. martin and claire become good friends and eventually fall in love. meanwhile, in a nearby town, survivors have gathered together to start a new civilization. among these survivors is martin's wife, helen, and their children. tom (matt moore), one of the townsmen, found helen in the aftermath, and has been taking care of her ever since. he has also fallen in love with her, but helen is convinced that martin is still alive. jepson teams up with a gang of thugs who help him find claire and martin and eventually trap them in a mineshaft. the townspeople stumble upon the situation and save martin and claire and bring them back to their new found city. once they arrive, martin finds his children and discovers his wife is alive and well and goes to her. claire and tom are devastated. after the reunion, martin explains to claire how he is in love with both his wife and with her and that he will not choose. helen visits claire and they have a painful discussion in which claire says she will not give up martin. however, when claire sees martin with his wife at the town meeting her heart breaks and she runs to the ocean. she swims away as martin is left watching her go.
corpus document489
design for living
while en route to paris via train, commercial artist gilda farrell meets artist george curtis and playwright thomas chambers, fellow americans who share an apartment in the french capital. gilda works for advertising executive max plunkett, who has had no success in his efforts to engage her in a romantic relationship. tom and george each realize the other is in love with gilda, and although they agree to forget her, they cannot resist her when she comes to visit. unable to choose between the two, she proposes she live with them as a friend, muse, and critic—with the understanding they will not have sex. gilda arranges for a producer to read tom's play and he goes to london to oversee the staging of his work. during his absence, gilda and george become involved romantically, much to tom's consternation. one night at the theatre he meets max, who tells him george has become highly successful. tom returns to paris and discovers george has vacated their apartment and moved into a penthouse with gilda. george is in nice painting a portrait, and gilda and tom rekindle their affair. george returns and, realizing his former roommate and current lover have been trysting while he was away, orders the two to get out. gilda decides to end the men's rivalry by marrying max in manhattan, but is so upset when she receives potted plants from her former beaux she fails to consummate the marriage. when max hosts a party for his advertising clients, tom and george crash the event and hide in gilda's bedroom. max finds the three laughing on the bed and orders the men out, and a brawl ensues, prompting all the guests to depart. gilda announces she is leaving her husband, and she, tom, and george decide to return to paris and their unusual living arrangement.
corpus document490
the devil's brother
in the early 18th century, the bandit fra diavolo returns to his camp in northern italy to tell his gang members about his encounter with lord rocburg and lady pamela. disguised as the marquis de san marco, he rides with them in their carriage and charms lady pamela into telling him where she hides her jewels. he orders his thieves to ride to rocburg's castle and steal his belongings and pamela's jewels. meanwhile, stanlio and ollio have also been robbed, whereupon stanlio suggests to ollio that they should become robbers themselves. after an unsuccessful attempt to rob a woodchopper, the duo encounters fra diavolo, who orders stanlio to hang ollio for impersonating him. diavolo is then informed that his men have stolen lady pamela's jewels but have not brought the 500,000 francs hidden by rocburg. diavolo, again disguised as the marquis, takes stanlio and ollio with him as his servants to an inn, where he plans to steal rocburg's 500,000 francs, and where, as diavolo, he again romances lady pamela. stanlio and ollio mistakenly capture lord rocburg, who has disguised himself as the marquis in an attempt to win back his wife. diavolo's attempt to find the francs is, however, foiled after stanlio drinks a sleeping potion meant for rocburg. diavolo's theft of pamela's medallion is blamed on young captain lorenzo, the sweetheart of zerlina, whose father, matteo the innkeeper, has decreed that she is to marry a merchant named francesco the next day. lorenzo swears he will prove his innocence before zerlina is forced to marry francesco. meanwhile, diavolo romances pamela once again and finds out that rocburg's fortune is hidden in her petticoat. just as diavolo steals the petticoat, lorenzo finds out his true identity from stanlio, who is "spiffed" after a visit to matteo's wine cellar. lorenzo's soldiers surround the inn and he then duels with diavolo, whom he bests with a little inadvertent help from stanlio. the good-natured diavolo returns the jewels, and when rocburg will not pay the reward for them to lorenzo, diavolo gives lorenzo the money that he stole from pamela's petticoat. while the jealous husband rushes upstairs to confront his wife, lorenzo gives the money to matteo, thereby saving him from having to sell the inn. diavolo, stanlio, and ollio are then taken away to be shot by a firing squad. when stanlio takes out his red handkerchief in order to blow his nose, a bull becomes enraged and charges the group, allowing diavolo to escape on his horse and stanlio and ollio to escape on the bull. kneesy-earsy-nosey was the game of coordination and dexterity played by stanlio in the picture, to ollio's great frustration. the game, which became a fad shortly after the film's release,[3] consists of clapping the knees, then grabbing one ear with the opposite hand while grabbing the nose with the other hand, again clapping the knees, and then grabbing the other ear with the opposite hand while grabbing the nose with the other hand. participants attempt to do it with increasing speed. proficiency seems intuitively easy to acquire but requires time and training, as it involves constant shifting of coordination of the left and right control areas of the brain. once coordination has been achieved, one can become extremely fast, and proficiency can be regained even after years of hiatus.[4] both "kneesy-earsy-nosey" and "finger wiggle"—another game stan plays in fra diavolo—make a brief appearance in babes in toyland when oliver hardy's character (ollie dee) tells stanley's character (stannie dum), in relation to hitting a peewee, "if you can do it, i can do it." stannie then performs both games to disprove ollie's maxim.
corpus document491
the devil's mate
as murderer maloney is being executed in the electric chair, he's willing to expose an underworld mob boss. he is killed by a poison dart before he can tell anything. inspector o'brien suspects mcghee, a ward healer and friend of maloney; parkhurst, a scholar, philanthropist, and candidate for the prison board; clinton, a friend of parkhurst; or natural, a reporter for the "chronicle" newspaper. since mcghee is a nonsmoker and found in possession of a empty cigarette case, he is arrested.
corpus document492
diplomaniacs
the film concerns itself with the adventures of two men who have set up a failing business as barbers on an indian reservation. when they are sent by the tribe as representatives to a peace conference in europe, unbeknownst to them they face constant threats from other attendees. in particular, a group of armaments manufacturers want to ensure that the peace conference is a failure, and do everything they can to sabotage it.
corpus document493
don't bet on love
molly gilbert won't accept a marriage proposal from bill mccaffery unless he promises to quit betting money on horse races. he gives her his word, but molly is miffed when she realizes he wants to honeymoon in saratoga, new york due to its proximity to the racetrack. behind her back, bill unethically uses money from his dad pop mccaffery's plumbing business to continue gambling. he gets on a hot streak, winning $50,000, then buys a horse of his own, cheats by disguising a faster horse as his, then loses all his money. bill agrees to become a plumber, pleasing molly.
corpus document494
dora's dunking doughnuts
teacher andy is fixated on both dora who runs a bakery and her doughnuts that he has every morning on his way to teach school. he proposes using the musical talent of his students to perform on a radio show to advertise the bakery. once on the air bickering mothers of the students fight and brawl with the manager leading listeners to believe the show is a comedy.
corpus document495
double harness
when spoiled younger sister valerie colby (lucile browne) becomes engaged to be married to dennis moore (george meeker), a more level-headed joan (ann harding) decides to do the same, not because she is in love, but in order to make something of herself. she chooses unambitious, wealthy playboy john fletcher (william powell), who owns a troubled shipping line. she eventually spends the night in his apartment. to joan's annoyance, over the following months, she finds herself falling in love. when john shows no interest in marrying her, joan forces the issue. she arranges for her father, colonel sam colby (henry stephenson), to find them in a compromising position. john graciously agrees to do the honorable thing and marry joan. however, on their honeymoon cruise, he lets her know that he expects her to grant him a divorce after a decent interval. they settle on six months. joan prods her husband into taking an interest in his family business. to his surprise, he finds that he enjoys it. as the new postmaster general (wallis clark) is a good friend of her father's, joan invites him to dinner, hoping to land a government contract for john's company. meanwhile, valerie goes into debt due to her extravagant spending habits and borrows from her big sister over and over again. joan gives valerie all she can afford without touching john's money. finally, she pawns a ring for half the latest sum valerie needs, but tells her that it is the last time. that same day, john finally realizes that he loves his wife. however, when he goes home, valerie goes to john behind joan's back and cons him into giving her a check. joan finds out and tears up the check. in her anger, valerie blurts out how joan trapped john into marriage. disillusioned, he turns to his former paramour, mrs. monica page (lilian bond). joan follows them to monica's apartment and confesses all, including the fact that she has fallen in love with him, to no avail. she then tries to salvage her dinner party. to her delight, john shows up and makes it clear that he believes and forgives her.
corpus document496
duck soup
the wealthy mrs. teasdale (margaret dumont) insists that rufus t. firefly (groucho) be appointed leader of the small, bankrupt country of freedonia before she will continue to provide much-needed financial aid. meanwhile, neighboring sylvania is attempting to annex the country. sylvanian ambassador trentino (louis calhern) tries to foment a revolution and to woo mrs. teasdale, and he tries to dig up dirt on firefly by sending in spies chicolini (chico) and pinky (harpo). after failing to collect useful information against firefly, chicolini and pinky are able to infiltrate the government when chicolini is appointed secretary of war after firefly sees him selling peanuts outside his window. meanwhile, firefly's secretary, bob roland (zeppo), suspects trentino's motives, and advises firefly to get rid of trentino by insulting him. firefly agrees to the plan, but after a series of personal insults exchanged between firefly and trentino, the plan backfires when firefly slaps trentino instead of being slapped by him. as a result, the two countries come to the brink of war. adding to the international friction is the fact that firefly is also courting mrs. teasdale, and, like trentino, hoping to get his hands on her late husband's wealth. trentino learns that freedonia's war plans are in mrs. teasdale's safe and orders chicolini and pinky to steal them. chicolini is caught by firefly and put on trial, during which war is officially declared, and everyone is overcome by war frenzy, breaking into song and dance. the trial put aside, chicolini and pinky join firefly and bob roland in anarchic battle, resulting in general mayhem. the end of the film finds trentino caught in makeshift stocks, with the brothers pelting him with fruit. trentino surrenders, but firefly tells him to wait until they run out of fruit. mrs. teasdale begins singing the freedonia national anthem in her operatic voice and the brothers begin hurling fruit at her instead.
corpus document497
the eagle and the hawk
in world war i, american born pilots lt. jerry young (fredric march) and lt. mike "slug" richards (jack oakie) join the royal flying corps and are assigned to the dangerous mission of reconnaissance over enemy lines. during furious fighting, jerry loses his air gunners/observers, one after the other, until only henry crocker (cary grant) is available to fly with him. the two men had previously met and fought. jerry's dislike of crocker grows after crocker shoots a parachuting german observer who bailed out of a blimp. they eventually become friends of a sort, but henry realizes that the war is taking a toll on jerry. after an enemy raid on his base, the commanding officer, major dunham (guy standing) sees what is happening to his best pilot, and orders jerry to go to london on leave after crocker tells him that jerry is cracking up. meeting a young woman (carole lombard), jerry carries on a brief affair, before being sent back to the front. with jerry away, henry flies a mission with mike that ends with the pilot's death because henry persuaded him to go back for another pass at an enemy. jerry blames his friend and asks for a different air observer. on his first mission with jerry, the new recruit, lt. john stevens (kenneth howell) is shot and then falls out of the airplane during inverted flight during a dogfight with voss (robert seiter), a famous german ace. he has no parachute and falls to the ground. jerry then shoots down voss in a head-on pass. jerry lands near voss' crashed airplane and sees that the dead voss is a young man. stevens' death and the killing of the young german are the last straw for jerry, who kills himself in his and crocker's quarters after attending a drinking party in honor of his killing voss. crocker finds jerry dead later that night, and hides the fact that jerry is dead from the colonel, who visits to check on jerry. to preserve his friend's reputation, crocker loads jerry's body into an aircraft early the next morning and flies toward the front lines, where crocker stages things to make it appear that jerry died in aerial combat. the movie ends showing jerry's heroic epitaph.
corpus document498
elmer, the great
elmer kane (joe e. brown) is a rookie ballplayer with the chicago cubs whose ego is matched only by his appetite. because he is not only vain but naive, elmer's teammates take great delight in pulling practical jokes on him. still, he is so valuable a player that the cubs management hides the letters from his hometown sweetheart nellie (patricia ellis), so that elmer won't bolt the team and head for home. when nellie comes to visit elmer, she finds him in an innocent but compromising situation with a glamorous actress (claire dodd). she turns her back on him, and disconsolate elmer tries to forget his troubles at a crooked gambling house. elmer incurs an enormous gambling debt, which the casino's owner is willing to forget if elmer will only throw the deciding world series game (which he refers to as the world serious). elmer brawls with the gambler and lands in jail, where he learns of a particularly cruel practical joke that had previously been played on him. out of spite, he refuses to play in the big game, and thanks to a jailhouse visit by the gamblers, it looks as though elmer has taken a bribe, but when he shows up to play (after patching things up with nellie), elmer proves that he's been true-blue all along. based on the broadway play by ring lardner and george m. cohan, elmer the great betrays its stage origins in its static early scenes, but builds confidently to a terrific climax during a rain-soaked ball game.
corpus document499
the emperor jones
at a baptist prayer meeting, the preacher leads a prayer for brutus jones, who has just been hired as a pullman porter, a job that served the upward mobility of thousands of african-american men in the first half of the 20th century. jones proudly shows off his uniform to his girlfriend dolly (and the film's audience, setting up the contrast with the later scenes in which "the emperor jones" parades around in overdone military garb) before joining the congregation for a spiritual. but jones is quickly corrupted by the lures of the big city, taking up with fast women and gamblers. one boisterous crap game leads to a fight in which he inadvertently stabs jeff, the man who had introduced him to the fast-life and from whom he had stolen the affections of the beautiful undine (played by fredi washington). jones was imprisoned and sent to do hard labor. (a stint on the chain gang allows the film its first opportunity to show robeson without his shirt on, an exposure of male nudity unusual for 1933 and certainly for a black actor. here and later the director plays on robeson's sexual power and, implicitly, on cultural stereotypes about the libidinal power of black men.) jones escapes the convict's life after striking a white guard who was torturing and beating another prisoner. making his way home, he briefly receives the assistance of his girlfriend dolly before taking a job stoking coal on a steamer headed for the caribbean. one day, he catches sight of a remote island and jumps ship, swimming to the island. the island is under the crude rule of a top-hatted black despot who receives merchandise from smithers, the dilapidated white colonial merchant who is the sole caucasian on the island. jones rises to become smithers' partner and eventually "emperor". he dethrones his predecessor with a trick that allows him to survive what appears to be a fusillade of bullets, creating the myth that he can only be slain by a silver one. jones's rule of the island involves increasing taxes on the poor natives and pocketing the proceeds. the highlight is a twelve-minute spoken monologue taken directly from o'neill's play, in which brutus jones (robeson), hunted by natives in revolt, flees through the jungle and slowly disintegrates psychologically, becoming a shrieking hysteric who runs right into the path of his pursuers. this section was written as a nearly autobiographical account by o'neill, who had gone off to honduras the year after his graduation from princeton and gotten hopelessly lost in the jungle, resulting in hallucinatory fears.
corpus document500
employees' entrance
kurt anderson is the ruthless, hard-driving general manager of the monroe department store. the store is a financial powerhouse because of anderson's brutally efficient strategies and autocratic leadership. when a new clothing supplier, garfinkle, tells anderson that part of the large first order will be delayed three days because of labor trouble, anderson cancels the order and instructs his secretary to sue for damages. garfinkle is ruined, but anderson doesn't care. after closing, anderson discovers madeline walters hiding in the store. broke and unemployed, she is going to apply to work at monroe's first thing in the morning. when she finds out who he is, she lets him take advantage of her to ensure she gets a job as a model in the clothing department. with the great depression cutting into the store's business, anderson demands new ideas from his department heads. when martin west comes up with an innovative idea, higgins, the longtime head of men's clothing does not approve, but anderson is impressed. he promptly tells martin to go ahead, and fires higgins. seeing promise in west, anderson makes him his assistant. he tells his new protégé that he must devote himself completely to business and nothing else if he is to get ahead; he asks if martin is married, and is relieved when the answer is no. anderson, a compulsive philanderer, holds women in contempt, believing that all they seek is financial security and control over their husbands. he views marital commitment as incompatible with running a successful business. however, unbeknownst to anderson, martin and madeleine have fallen in love. he tells her that he cannot marry until his position is more secure, but, on an impulse, does so anyway, though he keeps it a secret from anderson. this puts a strain on the marriage. anderson doubles the salary of employee polly dale (alice white) to keep his nominal overseer, denton ross, occupied, leaving him a free hand to manage the store without interference. higgins tries repeatedly to see anderson to ask for his job back, but fails. finally higgins commits suicide by jumping out of a ninth floor window of the store. martin is dismayed when anderson is unperturbed by the news. after the wests quarrel at a company party, anderson finds a vulnerable madeleine alone and gets her drunk on champagne. when she decides to leave, he offers the inebriated madeleine his upstairs hotel suite to rest and clear her head. after she falls asleep on the bed, he enters the room and rapes her. the next day, an embarrassed madeleine insists that anderson leave her alone. during their heated conversation, she lets slip that she is married to martin. after she quits and threatens to take her husband with her, anderson tries to get polly to seduce martin, but she refuses. he then has martin eavesdrop on the intercom while he summons madeleine to his office. martin learns of the times madeleine slept with anderson. madeleine unsuccessfully attempts suicide with pills, prompting a furious martin to confront and threaten to kill his boss. anderson, facing his own dismissal by cautious bankers afraid of his ambitious plans, dares him to do it, even providing a gun. martin shoots, but only inflicts a minor wound. when employees dash in, anderson acts as if nothing had happened. martin quits. ross manages to contact the store's frequently absent owner, commodore franklin monroe, and gets his proxy just in time for the vote of the board of 40 directors. anderson keeps his job. he promptly promotes garfinkle, embittered and now just as ruthless, to be his new assistant.
corpus document501
eskimo
mala is a member of an unspecified eskimo tribe living in alaska. he has a wife, aba, and an infant son. he and the villagers are shown welcoming a newcomer to their village, hunting walrus, and celebrating the hunt. mala learns of white traders at nearby tjaranak inlet from another eskimo. mala learns about rifles and desperately wants one, and aba longs for needles and other white men's goods. mala gratefully offers aba's sexual favors to the man for telling him about the trading ship's presence. mala and aba travel to the trading ship with their children, where the white ship captain takes all of mala's tanned animal skins in exchange for a single rifle. the captain demands that aba spend the night with him. he gets her drunk and gives her worthless gifts, and has sexual intercourse with her. mala is upset, but is told by the english-speaking eskimo akat that "the white man is always right". mala and the eskimos go bowhead whale hunting in wooden boats and with harpoons provided by the white men, and an actual whale hunt and carcass slaughtering is depicted on film. after the successful hunt, two drunken white men kidnap aba (and prevent mala from rescuing her) and force her to get drunk. the ship captain rapes aba, who escapes at dawn. the captain's mate, hunting seals with a rifle, mistakes aba (passed out on the ice) for an animal and kills her. mala kills the ship captain with a harpoon (mistakenly believing the captain shot his wife). he flees back to his village with his children. lonely and needing someone to care for his children and help with the sewing and other chores, mala takes the young girl iva as his new wife. but mala still longs for aba, and their relationship is a cold one. the eskimos go hunting caribou by stampeding the animals into a lake and then hunting them with bow and arrow and spears from boats. mala is haunted by aba's death, and after pouring out his grief through dance and prayer he changes his name to kripik. kripik's attitude toward iva softens dramatically, and they make love. the hunter whom mala welcomed to the village the previous year returns to his village, and gives kripik his wife in gratitude. the woman is more than happy to live with mala, and mala makes love to her as well. some years pass. the royal canadian mounted police[a] establish a post at tjaranak, bringing law to the area for the first time. several white men accuse the eskimos of being savage and without morals, and charge mala with the murder of the ship captain. sergeant hunt and constable balk try to find mala and arrest him, but get lost in a blizzard and nearly freeze to death. kripik finds them, and saves their lives. kripik is angry with the men until hunt explains that they do not want kripik's wives. when hunt asks if kripik knows mala, kripik says "mala is no more". the mounties believe mala is dead, but their misunderstanding is corrected by akat, who arrives in the village and innocently exposes kripik. the mounties convince kripik to come to the post to answer questions, and kripik agrees. several months pass. hunt and balk give kripik the freedom of the post, and hunt learns about the horrors the white traders visited on the eskimo. when the eskimo village moves on to new hunting rounds, kripik's family stays behind to wait for him. they begin to starve, and kripik learns of their plight. however, the rigid and rule-bound inspector white has arrived at the rcmp outpost, and he demands that kripik not only no longer be allowed to hunt during the day but also be chained down in his bed at night. hunt tries to dissuade white, but white insists — and hunt is forced to break his word that kripik will not be chained. during the night, kripik pulls his hand free of the single manacle used to chain him down, but mangles his hand while doing so. kripik flees the post with his team of sled dogs, heading for his family's old village. hunt and balk pursue him. the rifle kripik steals proves useless when the bullets are not the right gauge. kripik is forced to kill his sled dogs one by one for food. in a driving blizzard, kripik falls short of reaching his family, and is attacked and injured by a wolf (which he manages to kill). kripik is found by his eldest son orsodikok (now a teenager), rescued, and fed by his family. the mounties arrive the next morning, in hot pursuit. kripik prevents his eldest son from killing the mounties, and says he will leave and never come back. kripik departs on foot, but iva professes her love and goes with him. the mounties pursue them on foot across the ice, which is breaking up. sergeant hunt takes aim at kripik with his rifle, but cannot shoot him because kripik has saved their lives and exhibited more honor and decency than white men have. kripik and iva escape on an ice floe, hunt calling out goodbye and good luck to them. hunt tells balk that the ice will take kripik and iva across the inlet, and that the adults will be able to return to orsodikok and the other children next spring.
corpus document502
ex-lady
helen bauer (bette davis) is a glamorous, successful, headstrong, and very liberated new york graphic artist with modern ideas about romance. she is involved with don peterson (gene raymond) but is not prepared to sacrifice her independence by entering into matrimony. the two agree to wed only to pacify helen's conventional immigrant father adolphe (alphonse ethier), whose old world views spur him to condemn their affair. they form a business partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency put a strain on the marriage and don begins seeing peggy smith (kay strozzi), one of his married clients. convinced it was marriage that disrupted their relationship, helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers. when don discovers helen is dating his business rival, playboy nick malvyn (monroe owsley), he returns to peggy, but in reality his heart belongs to his wife. agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss. the plot is unusual for its time in that helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about marriage and don is not depicted as being a cad.[1] in addition, although they are sleeping together and unmarried, neither is concerned about the possibility of children, and certain dialog could suggest that they are using birth control.[1]
corpus document503
face in the sky
the film concerns two sign painters (spencer tracy and stuart erwin) who find themselves blackmailed by a beautiful woman (marian nixon) determined to force tracy's character into marriage. the film was directed by harry lachman.
corpus document504
fast workers
fast workers is set in the early 1930s, in the time of the film's release. it portrays the freewheeling lives and romantic escapades of two friends who work as riveters on high-rise construction projects. gunner smith (john gilbert) is a rake who loves women but hates the notion of emotionally committing to any of his romantic conquests. his close friend bucker reilly, however, is just the opposite, often losing his heart to the various "dames" he meets and quickly becoming entangled with them. gunner therefore sees it as his ongoing duty as a pal to save bucker from rushing headlong to the altar. true to form, bucker one evening after work meets and becomes enamored with mary (mae clarke), not knowing that she is one of the women whom gunner dates regularly, although not seriously. he is also unaware that mary generally supports herself by fleecing men of their money. once she learns that bucker has a nest egg of $5,000 in the bank, she accepts his rather clumsy marriage proposal. gunner soon learns of his friend's engagement, but he waits too long to scuttle the marriage plans. by the time he reveals to bucker his own involvement with mary, bucker has already married her. bucker's anger builds over his perceived betrayal, and the next day while working at their construction site, he tries to kill his friend by sabotaging a walkway between two iron girders. as a result, gunner falls, is seriously injured, and is given little chance to live. wracked with guilt, bucker tells mary what he has done. she is furious. she tells him their brief marriage is over and that if gunner dies she will make sure he is convicted of murder and is executed. she then openly admits her feelings for gunner, as well as to her wanton past. by the time mary and bucker arrive at the hospital, they learn that gunner is now awake and will survive after all. gunner deflects bucker's bedside attempt to confess his murderous intent and in a roundabout way says he forgives him. both men now turn their wrath on mary, who is ordered out of the hospital room. after she departs, bucker begins ogling the attending nurse, who smiles at him. gunner now thwarts his friend's romantic intentions yet again by tossing a coin on the floor behind the nurse as she now leaves the room. disgusted by the ploy, which intends to get her to bend over to retrieve the coin and insinuates that her affections can be bought, the nurse turns and glares at bucker, thinking he had done it. "please forgive him," gunner pleads facetiously from his bed, "he was born with a dirty brain." the film ends with the reconciled friends squabbling once more over their differences in how they relate to women.
corpus document505
female
alison drake (ruth chatterton) is the wealthy owner and hard-driving, no-nonsense head of a large automobile company, inherited from her father. her work has caused her to lose her youthful romanticism, and she has casual affairs with men, including her own employees. alison hosts a party at her mansion, but becomes fed up with the men out to either sell her things or marry her for her money. she dresses down and goes to an amusement park, where she picks up a man at a shooting gallery. they have fun together, but he refuses her offer to go home with him. the next day, they meet again at her factory. to their mutual astonishment, he turns out to be jim thorne (george brent), a gifted engineer she has ordered her underlings to hire away from her competition. saying that she has no time now, alison has him come to her mansion that night, supposedly to discuss his plans for the company in detail. she attempts to seduce him, but he rejects her as anything other than his employer. annoyed, she turns to her assistant, pettigew (ferdinand gottschalk), for advice. he tells her that men want women who are softer and less independent, so she adjusts her tactics. she tricks jim into a picnic and wears him down. in the end, he succumbs to her charms. the next day, he shows up at her office with a marriage license, but she informs him that she likes their relationship just the way it is. outraged, he quits. alison has another problem on her hands. her company needs more financing to survive, but another firm is intent on taking advantage of the situation to take over and has gotten the local banks to turn her down. she sets up an appointment to meet with bankers in new york city, but then breaks down when she realizes that she cannot live without jim. she has the police track down which way he went and drives off after him. she eventually finds him (at another shooting gallery) and tells him that she is willing to get married. then, he realizes that they can fly to new york in time to save her company. even so, she tells him that he will run the firm, while she has nine children.
corpus document506
flying devils
the "black cats", who are part of the aerial circus run by "speed" hardy (ralph bellamy), are a vagabond troupe of aerial performers in the 1930s. speed takes on a new performer, former airmail pilot ace murray (bruce cabot). after performing a "double parachute" jump with his kid brother bud (eric linden), who is also a pilot, ace becomes aware that his brother is enamoured with speed's young wife ann (arline judge). bud and ann perform the dangerous double parachute jump together, becoming the show's main attraction, but speed becomes jealous of the romance forming between them. after a flight together, bud and ann crash-land and spend a night in a deserted cabin, leading to the realization that ann must seek a divorce. when speed discovers them, he apparently agrees to the new circumstances and surprisingly offers to design a new aerial stunt for bud and himself that will have two aircraft colliding "head-on", with both of the pilots bailing out before the impact. before the stunt takes place, another pilot who is usually inebriated, "screwy" edwards (cliff edwards), reveals that speed has deliberately cut his rival's parachute and is planning an aerial murder. ace takes off and crashes into speed, sacrificing his life to save his brother. the two lovers eventually marry and due to ace's earlier help in obtaining a job for him, bud begins an airline career as a pilot alongside edwards, who has begun a rehabilitation.
corpus document507
flying down to rio
composer roger bond (gene raymond) and his orchestra are appearing in miami, with vocalist honey hales (ginger rogers). despite the warnings of accordionist and assistant band leader fred ayres (fred astaire), roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious belinha (dolores del río) in the audience. he leaves the bandstand to pursue her. doña elena (blanche friderici), belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for roger and the band to be fired. but roger pursues belinha to brazil, and organises an engagement for the band at the hotel atlântico in rio de janeiro, unaware that the hotel is owned by belinha's father (walter walker). roger persuades belinha to allow him to fly her there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight, forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island. under the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him that she is already engaged. in rio, roger informs his good friend julio (raul roulien) that he has fallen in love, but finds out that belinha is engaged to julio. during rehearsals for the hotel's opening (a brief bit of astaire tap), fred is told by police that the hotel lacks an entertainment license. when roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with fred leading the band and honey and julio leading the planes. the show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed. julio gives belinha up to roger while fred and honey celebrate.[2][3]
corpus document508
footlight parade
chester kent (james cagney) replaces his failing career as a director of broadway musicals with a new one as the creator of musical numbers called "prologues", short live stage productions presented in movie theaters before the main feature is shown. he faces pressure from his business partners to constantly create a large number of marketable prologues to service theaters throughout the country, but his job is made harder by a rival who is stealing his ideas, probably with assistance from someone working inside his company. kent is so overwhelmed with work that he doesn't realize that his secretary, nan (joan blondell), has fallen in love with him, and is doing her best to protect him as well as his interests. kent's business partners announce that they have a big deal pending with the apolinaris theater circuit, but getting the contract depends on kent impressing mr. apolinaris (paul porcasi) with three spectacular prologues, presented on the same night, one after another at three different theatres. kent locks himself and his staff in the offices to prevent espionage leaks while they choreograph and rehearse the three production numbers. kent then stages "honeymoon hotel", "by a waterfall", featuring the famous 'human waterfall', and "shanghai lil", featuring cagney and ruby keeler dancing together.
corpus document509
forgotten
retired papa strauss, a widower, who has been a successful dye manufacturer, is being shifted around from one married-son's home to the other, and is not welcome at all because his daughters-in-law object to his smelly pipe smoking. finally the family tucks him 'out of sight and out of mind' into a nursing home, with very little 'honor thy father' thought given to it. however, unmarried daughter, lena, who loves her father dearly, with help from an inheritance from her uncle, and her chemist fiancée, who has new patented technology, sets up a new dye works with her father as head. they make a home for him. new company steals business from sons' company and finally has to bail them out. sons and their wives attitudes finally change.
corpus document510
gabriel over the white house
when the film opens, u.s. president judson c. 'judd' hammond (huston) is variously described as "a hoover-like partisan hack"[4] or "basically a do-nothing crook, based on, to some extent, warren g. harding." then he causes a near-fatal automobile accident and goes into a coma. through what portland state university instructor[5] dennis grunes calls "possible divine intervention,"[6] (characterized by a breeze blowing through a closed window) hammond awakens as a decisive man of action. president hammond makes "a political u-turn,"[3] purging his entire cabinet of "big-business lackeys." when congress impeaches him, he responds by declaring martial law, dissolving the legislative branch, assuming the "temporary" power to make laws as he "transforms himself into an all-powerful dictator."[7] he orders the formation of a new "army of construction" answerable only to him and nationalizes the manufacture and sale of alcohol.[4] the reborn hammond's policies include "suspension of civil rights and the imposition of martial law by presidential fiat."[8] he "tramples on civil liberties,"[9] "revokes the constitution, becomes a reigning dictator," and employs "brown-shirted storm troopers", called "federal police",[10] led by the president's top aide, hartley 'beek' beekman (tone). when he meets with resistance from the organized crime syndicate of ruthless al capone analog nick diamond, the president "suspends the law to arrest and execute 'enemies of the people' as he sees fit to define them," with beekman handing "down death sentences in his military star chamber" in a "show trial [that] resembles those designed to please a stalin, a hitler or a chairman mao,"[8] after which the accused are immediately lined up against a wall behind the courthouse and "executed[4]by firing squad."[11] by threatening world annihilation with america's newest and most deadly secret weapon, hammond then blackmails the world into disarmament, ushering in global peace.[12] at the very moment the other nations of the world finish acceding to his "covenant" of world disarmament, hammond, his supposed divine mission completed, suffers a fatal stroke which also seems to be divinely attributable (again a breeze through a closed window), and the story ends. despite revoking the constitution and all the other actions he has taken, hammond is not portrayed as the villain of the piece, but rather as the one who "solves all of the nation's problems",[10] "bringing peace to the country and the world,"[13] and is universally acclaimed "one of the greatest presidents who ever lived."[11] the library of congress comments:
corpus document511
gambling ship
ace corbin (cary grant) a charming chicago gangster is acquitted of murder charges, which was framed by pete manning (jack la rue) decides to reform and begin a new life in california. on the train, he falls in love with eleanor la velle (benita hume) a gambler's girlfriend. they both conceal their true identities and has adopted new aliases. in southern california, eleanor discovers that her lover, joe burke owner of the casino del mar steamer, which operates legally outside the three-mile limit from the harbor is in debt for $9,000. because pete manning's thugs are ruining his business. eleanor chooses to remain loyal and help joe with his business, rather than desert and leave him for ace. joe and his right-hand man blooey (roscoe karns) offer to turn over the casino to ace, so he can improve the business and seek vengeance on manning. ace resists becoming involved until manning's men threaten him. when ace runs the casino he thwarts manning's customers by commandeering the water taxis over to his steamship instead. the first evening, ace encounters eleanor on board the ship and she discovers his true identity. eleanor who is still in love with ace remains on the ship, even after manning's men cause an explosion and fire on board. when the customers have left the ship safely and the fire is out, ace and eleanor remains on board for the night. in the morning, the district attorney questions them both and ace discovers eleanor's real identity, including her relationship with joe. also in attendance is joe, who likewise discovers ace and eleanor's relationship. back aboard the casino steamship, during a storm joe and ace accuse eleanor of being a two-timer and lying to them both. meanwhile, manning and his man sneak on board the ship and kills joe. blooey releases the anchor and the crashing waves wash manning and his man off the deck. ace, blooey, and eleanor jump to safety with life preservers. later, on a train ace and eleanor are married.
corpus document512
girl missing
kay curtis (glenda farrell) and june dale (mary brian) are two showgirls living in the palm beach hotel. when june refuses one of her wealthy male friend's sexual advances, he chooses to let june and kay pay for their own hotel bills. they decide to ask daisy bradford (peggy shannon), who is engaged to millionaire henry gibson (ben lyon), for help paying the bills because daisy used to be a fellow showgirl. however, daisy pretends not to know them. kay tries to win some money gambling, but ends up losing all their money instead. when they run into daisy's former boyfriend raymond fox (lyle talbot) in the hotel, he offers them some money to leave town, but june and kay accidentally miss the train. later, henry and daisy are married, but daisy goes missing, and a gangster named jim hendricks is found dead in the hotel's garden. henry offers a large reward to the public for any information about daisy. kay and june decide to find daisy and claim the reward. after henry, kay, and june survive a near fatal car accident, kay suggests that they wreck the car and declare henry dead from the automobile accident. when daisy returns to the hotel after henry's assumed death, she claims that henry had drugged and kidnapped her and killed jim hendricks. however, kay pulls a gun on daisy and she confesses that she was going to run away with raymond, and when jim hendricks tried to stop them, raymond killed him. raymond and daisy are arrested by the police, and henry gives the reward to kay. later, henry decides to marry june, who he has fallen in love with.
corpus document513
going hollywood
the film tells how an infatuated school-teacher, sylvia bruce, follows bill williams, a popular crooner, to hollywood where he is to make a picture. on board the train she obtains a job as maid to bill's french fiancee and leading lady, lili yvonne, and meets the film's director, conroy, and promoter, baker. on arrival in hollywood she is befriended by jill and shares her rooms. at the independent art studio in hollywood, where the film is being made, lili's temperament and lack of talent cause conroy much concern. eventually, after losing her temper with a woman who asks for her autograph, lili refuses to continue unless the woman is removed from the studio. she is persuaded to stay and production continues with her singing 'cinderella's fella' but conroy is still not satisfied and an angry lili walks out. sylvia impersonates lili's version of the song and ends with an imitation of lili's tantrums. lili returns in time to hear sylvia and there is a brawl in which lili gets a black eye. baker, who has also heard sylvia, intervenes by firing lili and engaging sylvia for the part. baker asks sylvia to accompany him to a party but withdraws when bill expresses his own interest in her. bill takes sylvia to dinner and the party but a quarrel ensues and she accuses him of insincerity. bill deserts the film and goes with lili to tijuana where, drinking heavily, he receives a telephone call from the studio with the ultimatum that if he does not return they will get a replacement. lili advises him to let them do so and suggests that they fly together to new york and on to paris. sylvia finds him and pleads for him to come back to the studio but returns without him. in hollywood there is difficulty with the player chosen to replace bill and eventually bill finally appears at the studio to rejoin sylvia in the film's closing sequence to sing 'our big love scene'. the song 'beautiful girl' is sung by crosby at the beginning of the film before his departure for hollywood when technicians arrive to record it. when he boards the train at grand central terminal there is a big production number where he and the chorus sing 'going hollywood'. he also sings a few lines of 'just an echo in the valley'. crosby is also heard singing 'our big love scene' on the radio when jill is showing sylvia her apartment. 'we'll make hay while the sun shines' is a dream-sequence production number with thunderstorm effects at the studio and is featured by crosby, marion davies, chorus and dancers. an impersonation act by the radio rogues is also filmed at the studio and includes imitations of kate smith ('when the moon comes over the mountain'). russ columbo ('you call it madness but i call it love'), morton downey ('remember me?') and rudy vallee ('my dime is your dime'). crosby sings 'after sundown' at the party. 'temptation' was an early film attempt to fit a song into the story pattern and was presented dramatically by crosby whilst drinking tequila in a bar at tijuana.[2]
corpus document514
gold diggers of 1933
the "gold diggers" are four aspiring actresses: polly (ruby keeler), an ingenue; carol (joan blondell), a torch singer; trixie (aline macmahon), a comedian; and fay (ginger rogers), a glamour puss. the film was made in 1933, during the great depression and contains numerous direct references to it. it begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer's creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills. at the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses (polly, carol, and trixie), the producer, barney hopkins (ned sparks), is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money. he hears brad roberts (dick powell), the girls' neighbor and polly's boyfriend, playing the piano. brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production. of course, they all think he is kidding, but he insists that he is serious – he offers to back the show, but refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice. brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead (clarence nordstrom) they have hired. it turns out, however, that brad is in fact a millionaire's son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre. on opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile cannot perform (due to his lumbago acting up), brad is forced to play the lead role. with the resulting publicity, brad's brother j. lawrence bradford (warren william) and family lawyer fanuel h. peabody (guy kibbee) discover what he is doing and go to new york to save him from being seduced by a "gold digger". lawrence mistakes carol for polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the "cheap and vulgar" showgirl from marrying brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she plays along, but the two fall in love. meanwhile, trixie targets "fanny" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation. when lawrence finds out that brad and polly have wed, he threatens to have the marriage annulled, but relents when carol refuses to marry him if he does. trixie marries fanuel. all the "gold diggers" (except fay) end up with wealthy men.
corpus document515
golden harvest
an ambitious grain trader chris martin (chester morris), who through fair and foul means corners the wheat market and becomes a millionaire. outgrowing his humble farm beginnings, chris makes a bid for respectability by marrying chicago socialite cynthia flint (genevieve tobin). meanwhile, chris's ex-sweetheart ellen (julie haydon) marries his down-to-earth brother walt (richard arlen), who has chosen to remain on the family farm. inevitably, the two brothers find themselves on opposite sides when chris's greed overtakes his common sense.
corpus document516
goodbye again
famous author kenneth bixby would like to reignite a romance with ex-sweetheart julie. there are two people who'd prefer that bixby stick to writing and stay away from julie, julie's husband harvey, and bixby's loyal secretary anne, who's been carrying a torch for her boss for years.
corpus document517
goodbye love
chester hamilton (sidney blackmer) is sent to "alimony jail" for non-payment of alimony to sandra (mayo methot). hamilton's valet, oswald groggs (charles ruggles), uses his boss’s reservations at an exclusive resort to go on vacation under the assumed identity of wealthy eccentric "sir oswald". phyllis van kamp (verree teasdale) tries to marry "sir oswald" for his money. when oswald seems to fall for her, the question is who will be left standing at the altar. chester's trusted secretary (phyllis barry) and a reporter (ray walker) witness all these shenanigans.
corpus document518
grand slam
a waiter, peter stanislavsky (lukas), learns the game of bridge as a favor to his new bride marcia (young), whose entire family excels at that card game. when he gets lucky and defeats a bridge champion, cedric van dorn (gottschalk), he jokingly claims "the stanislavsky method" is how he was victorious, and soon becomes world-famous as a bridge expert. trouble ensues when peter and marcia form a team to play in bridge tournaments, whereupon know-nothing peter suddenly begins behaving like a know-it-all, questioning marcia's play and causing tempers to flare. she brings him back to his senses just in time.
corpus document519
havana widows
mae knight (joan blondell) and sadie appleby (glenda farrell), chorus line dancers in a new york city burlesque show, are visited by a former showgirl acquaintance (an uncredited noel francis) who received a rich settlement for breach of promise from a married man she met in havana. sadie decides they will follow her example. pretending that mae's mother in kansas is sick, they get herman brody (allen jenkins) to promise to give them $1500. herman does not have the money himself, but convinces his boss, butch o'neill, to loan it to him the money. unfortunately, herman loses the money gambling (in butch's own casino). insurance salesman otis needs one more sale to get a $5000 bonus, so he offers herman $1500 to buy a policy. herman insures mae's life, with him as the beneficiary. in havana, sadie and mae pretend to be rich widows. they think they have it made when they find deacon r. jones (guy kibbee), a wealthy horse breeder who cannot afford a scandal, in their bed by mistake. however, mae is smitten with deacon's handsome son bob (lyle talbot), but finds out that bob has no money of his own. when mae and sadie encounter deacon's wife, they realize that a marriage proposal from him is out of the question. their alcoholic lawyer, duffy (frank mchugh), advises them to trap deacon in a scandalous situation and blackmail him instead. meanwhile, the bank calls to verify the forged check. panicking, herman goes to see otis, only to discover that he has lost his job and left town. when he tries to track sadie and mae down, he learns that they are not in kansas. herman follows them to havana. he meets duffy in a local bar. duffy talks him into playing mae's outraged husband. duffy has deacon kidnapped, but he resists the attempt to frame him. butch finds herman, but he only wants him to return to work because his luck has been bad ever since herman left. bob decides to get a job in new york and marry mae, and sadie marries herman.
corpus document520
headline shooter
bill allen (william gargan) and his friend, mike (wallace ford) are newsreel photographers who have a friendly rivalry, each willing to do whatever it takes to get the better footage of a story. when covering a beauty contest, bill plans to rig the results by bribing the judges, thus enabling him to get the scoop on his rival cameramen, and already have pictures of the winner. while covering the event, he meets a reporter, jane mallory (frances dee), who is a straight arrow, in contrast to the loose women that bill seems to attract. a professional rivalry simmers between the two, and when they both cover an earthquake in california, bill begins to fall for jane. jane rebuffs his advances, letting bill know that she has a fiancé down in mississippi, a banker by the name of hal caldwell (ralph bellamy). as time goes by, they continue to run into each other. eventually, jane begins to reciprocate bill's affection, but his reputation as a womanizer makes her continue to resist. at one point, bill is trying to get her to break off her engagement to hal, and marry him instead, and just as she begins to weaken, he hears of a huge fire back in new york, and rushes off, leaving her in the lurch. after he leaves, jane sends word to her boss that she is quitting, and heads down to mississippi to marry hal. at the fire, he meets up with his friend mike, but the meeting ends tragically, when mike is killed in the fire, attempting to get the perfect shot. disconsolate over losing both his girl and his best friend, he intends to resign his job, until his boss sends him down to mississippi to cover the failure of a levee, which has led to massive flooding. while covering the flood, bill uncovers the corruption which led to the faulty construction of the levee, resulting in the levee's failure. he also begins to win back the affection of jane. he heads back to new york with the footage. when jane and hal realize that a friend of theirs, judge beacon (henry walthall), is the father-in-law of the person responsible for the corruption, they rush off to new york, where they attempt to get bill to destroy the evidence implicating their friend. he doesn't, and when the newsreel comes out, the judge commits suicide in disgrace. jane resolves to return to mississippi with hal, but she can't resist covering one more story, that of taking the confession of a gangster's moll. when the story is published, jane is kidnapped by the gangster. bill realizes his own contact in the crime world, ricci (jack larue), will know where they have taken, and dupes ricci into revealing where she is being held. bill and hal rush to her rescue, arriving at the same time as the police. ever the newsman, during the ensuing siege and shootout, bill manages to get some excellent footage for the newsreels. jane realizes that she is truly in love with bill, and agrees to marry him, which is caught by the newsreel cameras. hal returns to his very staid life in mississippi.
corpus document521
hell below
in 1918 during world war i, the united states navy submarine al-14 is sent with the rest of submarine flotilla 1 to taranto to fight in the adriatic sea. the submarine's commander was wounded on its last cruise, and lieutenant thomas knowlton (robert montgomery), his second in command, expects to be promoted and take his place. however, lieutenant commander t. j. toler (walter huston) shows up and takes over. toler orders his officers to attend a ball. the young men dread having to dance with the wives of admirals, but knowlton and his close friend and shipmate, lieutenant ed "brick" walters (robert young), are pleasantly surprised to discover the beautiful joan standish (madge evans) among the attendees. when an enemy air raid forces everyone to take shelter, knowlton takes joan to his apartment. though she insists on leaving, he can tell she is attracted to him. however, before anything can happen, toler shows up to collect his daughter. on its next patrol, the al-14 torpedoes a german minelayer. after the germans abandon ship, toler sends brick and three sailors to search the sinking vessel for code books. when enemy biplane fighters attack, toler fights them off, but the arrival of a bomber forces him to order the al-14 to submerge and leave his boarding party behind. knowlton disobeys his order and remains on deck, manning a machine gun. "mac" macdougal (eugene pallette) has to knock him unconscious and carry him below. brick and his men are killed by the fighters. upon returning to port, knowlton goes to see joan at the hospital. there he encounters patient flight commander herbert standish (edwin styles), who turns out to be joan's paraplegic husband. knowlton departs, but joan follows him and confesses she loves him. back at sea, toler tries to get knowlton to break off the relationship, to no avail. toler is ordered to map where new minelayers, now escorted by destroyers, are planting their mines. however, when knowlton spots brick's boat through the periscope, he imagines he sees his friend still alive. he countermands toler's orders and attacks. though several enemy ships are sunk, the sole surviving destroyer forces the al-14 to dive to the sea bottom, 65 feet (20 m) below its maximum safe depth. after a while, toler decides to surface, preferring to die fighting rather than suffocate. however, a crucial pump will not work. when it appears that they are doomed, one crewman commits suicide. fortunately, repairs enable the submarine to surface, to find the enemy gone. eight crewmen are "down" as a result of knowlton's actions. he is courtmartialed and discharged from the navy in disgrace. he and joan plan to run away together, much to toler's disgust. when knowlton goes to the hospital to inform joan's husband, he learns that a successful operation makes it likely that the man will recover fully. knowlton puts on an act for joan and her father, pretending to be so callous that she is repulsed. toler is given an extremely hazardous mission. to block the only port in the adriatic from which german submarines can operate, the al-14 is loaded with explosives and sent to ram a fortification beside the narrowest point in the channel out of the port. the rubble would block the exit. when knowlton sneaks aboard, toler lets him stay. under cover of a battleship bombardment, the al-14 surfaces and heads in. the rest of the crew abandon ship as planned, leaving only toler and knowlton. toler orders knowlton over the side, but he pushes toler overboard instead and steers the ship to its target, sacrificing his life.
corpus document522
hello, everybody!
the setting is a farm. kate smith and sally blane play sisters; assorted relatives live with the sisters, but everyone at home, and in the whole town, depends on kate to hold everything together. the power company wants to build a dam which will require flooding many of the farms; kate is holding out; if kate sells, everyone else will sell; if kate refuses, the rest of the town will refuse as well. randolph scott meets kate's beautiful sister, sally blane, at a dance. randolph scott, as it turns out, is an agent for the power company. kate thinks he's just using sally; sally believes that he truly likes her. randolph comes to the farm and appears to woo kate. kate remains unconvinced about selling out, but falls for randolph.
corpus document523
heroes for sale
a veteran of world war i, thomas holmes (richard barthelmess), struggles to make his way in civilian life in almost every way imaginable. in the opening scene of the movie, tom and his friend are on a mission to gather intelligence by capturing a german soldier. tom's friend, the banker's son roger winston (gordon westcott), in terror, refuses to leave the shell hole so tom volunteers to go alone. he captures a german but is apparently killed; in fact, he has only been wounded, and the germans take him to their hospital to recover. his friend roger winston returns to the safety of american lines with the captured german soldier and is rewarded with a medal for it; his feeble efforts to refuse credit are dismissed as modesty, and he comes home a decorated hero. during tom's captivity, german doctors treat his pain with morphine and he becomes addicted to the drug. after tom returns from the war, roger offers him a job at his father's bank out of shame. but tom's addiction costs him his job. exposed as an addict, confined and cured in an asylum, he comes out in 1922, unemployed and alone; his mother has died, apparently of shame and grief, while he was away. heading to chicago, he happens upon an apartment over a diner, run by kindhearted pop dennis (charlie grapewin) and his daughter mary (aline macmahon). tom finds a job in a laundry, and a romance with ruth loring (loretta young). always the go-getter, tom makes good, better than the other drivers on his route, and earns a promotion. a fierce radical inventor (robert barrat) devises a machine that will make washing and drying clothes easier, and tom induces his fellow employees to raise the money to pay for patenting it. the laundry company adopts the machinery, but only on tom's stipulation that none of the workers at the plant lose their jobs because of it. success and marriage are his. then the president of the firm, the kindhearted mr. gibson (grant mitchell) dies. the new ownership decides to break the deal and automate the laundry, throwing most of its employees out of work, tom included. furious and resentful, the fired employees march on the plant to destroy the machines, as tom does his best to stop them. in the riot with police that follows, ruth is killed trying to find him, and he is arrested as a ringleader of the mob. tom is put away for five years in prison; in the meantime, the invention he helped finance continues to sell nationwide, throwing countless other people out of work. when tom gets out, it is 1932, the heart of the depression. unimaginably rich, he refuses to take the proceeds, which by now amount to over fifty thousand dollars. instead, it goes to feed the endless line of hungry and jobless that come seeking a handout at the diner that pop dennis and mary run. when "red riots" break out, the local city "red squad" arrests tom and drives him out of town. without work, at the mercy of a society in which unemployed men are turned into hobos and every community orders them to keep moving on, tom finds himself in one hobo shantytown, next to roger, his old army comrade. roger winston, too, has been ruined; his father stole from the bank and when exposure came, killed himself. roger served time in prison. now neither of them has any prospect, any future. the difference is that tom, in a stirring speech, asserts his faith that america can and will restore itself, that he can lick the depression. still driven on by authorities, with no prospect in sight, he marches ahead, determined that this is not the end. and back at the diner, the line of needy continues to stretch down the street, all of them being fed by the funds he provided, and on the wall a plaque honors him for his gift. the movie closes with his son looking at it and declaring to mary that when he grows up, he means to be just like his dad. the message is clear: a hero in war, tom is a hero still.
corpus document524
high gear
mark "high gear" sherrod has been a race car driver for the past five years and is now at the height of his career. his co-driver ed is the widowed father of jimmy. ed promised his wife before she died that he would send jimmy off to a fine military school after winning the "big race". the day before the race finds jimmy and ed at home in their apartment, with mr. and mrs. cohen visiting, and reporter anne merrit sneaking into mark's hotel room for an exclusive interview. mark agrees to give her the interview she needs over a dinner table. she break the date she already has for the night with her boss larry winston and goes out with mark. larry winston walks into the same restaurant mark and anne are dining at, and sees them. larry walks over to their table and has anne introduce him to mark. the two men become rivals. on the day of the race, mark gets behind when a tire goes flat. he enters the track again and starts to take the lead. while on the last lap, mark loses control of his car and spins out just as he is about to pass the car in the lead. his car comes to a stop and before he can move out of the way, he is hit dead on by another car going full speed. mark somehow comes out of this accident unscathed, but his partner ed is killed. jimmy, now an orphan, is staying with the cohen's. mark returns and the cohen's decide to tell him they would like to adopt jimmy. before they are able to however, mark asks jimmy if he wants to come and live with him at his hotel. jimmy accepts, mark promises to send him to that military school, and mrs. cohen silently bursts into tears. mark sends jimmy to the urban military academy and hits the track again with his new co-driver howard. unfortunately, mark is plagued by crude flashbacks of ed and the accident. he tells howard he is through with racing and walks away. strapped for cash, mark leaves his fancy hotel, moves in with mr. and mrs. cohen, and takes a job as a taxi driver to pay for jimmy's school. while waiting for customers, mark gets into a fight with another cabbie for being in the wrong space. anne, who has been unable to find mark since he moved, spots him in his taxi and finds his new residence through his license number. anne promises to not mention marks "fall from fame" and has dinner with him. while dropping anne off at her office, mark is spotted by larry winston. larry asks anne who her taxi driver was and when she does not tell him, he comes to the correct conclusion on his own. larry promises to anne that he will not say anything about mark's new career, but later breaks his promise when he delivers his news report the next afternoon. mark hears this report on the radio and becomes infuriated. jimmy also hears the report with his school mates and is laughed out of the room. mark hurries to confront anne and does not believe her when she says she didn't say anything. while there, he gets into another argument with two other cabbies. jimmy comes to the conclusion that mark cannot afford to keep him at urban, so he sneaks out of a window and returns to the cohen's apartment for a "surprise visit". mark is at first happy, but then becomes upset when jimmy refuses to return school. two rival cab drivers go to mark's home and begin tearing up his cab. mark goes out and gets into an all out brawl with them. jimmy gets caught up in the middle and is hit in the head with a flying wrench, which "crushes" his skull. anne tells mark more or less to drive jimmy to this hospital as quick as he can. over time, jimmy recovers and is later seen in the hospital talking to friends. mark returns to racing and wins another big race, with anne right by his side.
corpus document525
his double life
priam farrel (roland young) is england's greatest painter. a recluse who hates fame, he has been away from england and has never even seen his agent. when a woman mistakenly believes he has proposed marriage to her, he and his valet henry leek hastily return to england. after leek dies soon after of pneumonia, the attending doctor mistakes him for priam and informs the press. the real priam is glad to be mistaken for his valet by everyone, even his cousin duncan (who has not seen him since he was 12). after several attempts to clear up the misidentification, he gives up. he goes to a hotel, where he meets alice chalice (lillian gish), who was put in touch with leek through a matrimonial agency and, by chance, was to meet leek for the first time there. leek had sent her a photograph of him and priam together, so she makes the same mistake. priam finds her very pleasant to be with. he has qualms when he learns that "he" is to be accorded the great honor of being interred in westminster abbey, but once again he is unable to convince anyone, including alice, that he is the painter. he is happy to marry alice and live a quiet country life. then alice's income from brewery shares disappears, along with the brewery, but priam assures her that he can provide for her by selling some of his paintings. she is skeptical, however. nonetheless, she sells some of his paintings, mainly for the frames. one painting passes through several hands and ends up with oxford, priam's old agent, who recognizes the artist's style. oxford buys all of priam's new paintings and resells them, guaranteeing that that are genuine farrels. oxford tracks priam down and asks him to reveal he is still alive. it turns out that one of the paintings oxford sold had a date on it, 1932, two years after priam's "death", and the buyer has taken oxford to court. priam strenuously refuses, so oxford takes another approach, placing an advertisement asking for information about henry leek. leek's widow shows up, accompanied by her clergymen sons john and henry. her husband deserted her about 25 years before after the birth of their twin sons. she identifies priam as him. priam bolts at the first opportunity, but alice is more than up to the challenge. she portrays her "henry" as violent and not entirely sane and points out that there would be a scandal. the leeks hastily depart. even so, priam is brought into court. in the course of testimony, his cousin duncan recalls that he has two moles on his neck. priam stubbornly refuses to show them, but alice convinces him to do so. afterward, priam and alice sail away to recover their privacy.
corpus document526
his private secretary
dick wallace, portrayed by a 26-year-old john wayne, has to prove to the preacher's daughter, his own dad, his old friends, and himself that he isn't just an irresponsible playboy. fortunately, his new love, marion does a good job of convincing them. the question is whether or not it is true.
corpus document527
hold your man
small-time con man eddie hall (clark gable) hides from his latest victim and a policeman in the first unlocked apartment he can find. it turns out to occupied by ruby adams (jean harlow), a cynical woman with numerous boyfriends. when it is safe to come out, eddie wants to become better acquainted with his pretty rescuer. although she resists at first, she ends up falling in love with him. eddie's partner slim (garry owen) comes up with a scheme to catch one of ruby's married admirers in a compromising position and blackmail him, but eddie finds at the last moment that he cannot bear to have his girl involved in something that sordid. he breaks into ruby's apartment and punches the would-be victim, accidentally killing him. eddie escapes, but ruby is caught and sentenced to a reformatory for two years. one of her fellow inmates turns out to be gypsy angecon (dorothy burgess), eddie's previous girlfriend. when eddie learns from a released gypsy that ruby is pregnant with his child, he visits her; but, as a fugitive, he has to pretend to be there to see another inmate. even though the authorities become suspicious, eddie is determined to marry ruby so his child will not be illegitimate. with the police closing in, instead of escaping he persuades a minister visiting his wayward daughter to marry them. afterwards, eddie is caught and sent to prison. when he gets out, he is welcomed by ruby and their young son. ruby announces that al simpson (stuart erwin), who had wanted to marry her himself, has gotten eddie a legitimate job.
corpus document528
i cover the waterfront
san diego standard reporter h. joseph miller (ben lyon) has been covering the city's waterfront for the past five years and is fed up with the work. he longs to escape the waterfront life and land a newspaper job back east so he can marry his vermont sweetheart. miller is frustrated by the lack of progress of his current assignment investigating the smuggling of chinese people into the country by a fisherman named eli kirk (ernest torrence). one morning after wasting a night tracking down bad leads, his editor at the standard orders him to investigate a report of a girl swimming naked at the beach. there he meets julie kirk (claudette colbert), the daughter of the man he's been investigating. meanwhile, eli kirk and his crew are returning to san diego with a chinese passenger when the coast guard approaches. not wanting to be caught with evidence of his smuggling operation, kirk orders his men to weigh down the chinaman and lower him overboard to his death. the coast guard, accompanied by miller, board the boat but find nothing. the next day, miller discovers the chinaman's body which was carried in with the tide, and takes it as evidence to his editor, who still remains skeptical of kirk's guilt. to get conclusive evidence, miller tells him he plans to romance kirk's daughter julie in order to break the smuggling operation. when kirk returns, he informs julie that they will need to move on soon—maybe to singapore—as soon as he can put together enough money for the voyage. one night, julie discovers her father drunk at a boarding house. miller, who was there investigating kirk, helps julie take her father home. julie does not discourage miller's flirtations, and during the next few weeks they fall in love. she is able to help miller see the beauty of the waterfront, and inspires him to improve the novel he's been working for the past five years. while visiting an old spanish galleon on a date, he playfully restrains her in a torture rack and kisses her passionately—and she returns his passion. julie and miller spend a romantic evening together on the beach, where she reveals that she and her father will be sailing away in the next few days. after spending the night in miller's apartment, julie announces the next morning that she's decided to stay, hoping that he will stay with her. when miller learns from her that her father is due to dock at the chinese settlement that night, he notifies the coast guard. at the dock, while the coast guard searches the vessel, miller discovers a chinaman hidden inside a large shark. when the coast guard attempt to arrest kirk, he flees the scene but is wounded during his escape. the next morning, miller's breaking story is published on the standard's front page. when a wounded kirk makes his way back home, julie learns that it was miller who helped the coast guard uncover her father's smuggling operation (of which she was unaware), and that she unknowingly revealed to him his landing location. soon after, miller, feeling guilty over the story's impact to julie's life, arrives at her home and apologizes for the hurt he's caused her, and announces that he loves her. feeling used by his actions, an angry julie sends him away. later that night, miller locates kirk, who shoots him in the arm. julie arrives to help her father escape, and seeing miller wounded, she tells her father she cannot leave miller to die. seeing that she loves him, kirk helps her take miller to safety, after which kirk dies. later from his hospital bed, miller acknowledges in his newspaper column that kirk saved his life before he died. sometime later, miller returns to his apartment, where julie is waiting to greet him. noticing that she cleaned and transformed his place into a cozy home, he tells her he finally wrote the ending to his novel, "he marries the girl". julie acknowledges, "that's a swell finish", and the two embrace.
corpus document529
i have lived
a playwright discovers an actress to star in his latest play, unaware of her secret background.
corpus document530
i loved a woman
john hayden (robinson), owner of a chicago meat-packing company, falls in love with a beautiful opera singer (francis).
corpus document531
i'm no angel
tira (mae west) shimmies and sings in the sideshow of big bill barton's wonder show, while her current boyfriend, pickpocket "slick" (ralf harolde), relieves her distracted audience of their valuables for big bill (edward arnold). one of the rich customers arranges a private rendezvous, during which slick barges in and attempts to run a badger game on the customer. the customer threatens to call the cops, so slick whacks him over the head with a bottle. mistakenly thinking he has killed the man, slick flees, but is caught and jailed. fearing that slick will implicate her, tira asks big bill for a loan to retain her lawyer, bennie pinkowitz (gregory ratoff). he agrees on condition that she does her lion taming act, which includes putting her head into the mouth of one of the beasts, promising her that it will get her (and him) to the "big show". it does. (west did some of her own stunts, including riding an elephant into the ring.[citation needed]) tira's fame takes her to new york city, where wealthy kirk lawrence (kent taylor) is smitten, despite being engaged to snobbish socialite alicia hatton (gertrude michael). he showers her with expensive gifts. kirk's friend and even richer cousin, jack clayton (cary grant), goes to see tira to ask her to leave kirk and his fiancée alone. he ends up falling for her himself. tira and jack’s romance leads to a wedding engagement. tira tells big bill she is quitting to get married. unwilling to lose his prize act, he has slick, recently released from prison, sneak into tira's penthouse suite, where jack finds him in his robe. as a result, jack breaks off the engagement. tira sues jack for breach of promise. the defense tries to use her past relationships to discredit her, but the judge allows her to cross examine the witnesses herself and in doing so she wins over not only the judge and jury, but also jack. jack agrees to give her a big settlement check. when he goes to see her, tira tears up the check, and the two reconcile.
corpus document532
if i were free
 unhappily married, a man and a woman try to maintain a successful adulterous affair together.[1]
corpus document533
india speaks
ostensibly a filmed recollection of richard halliburton's travels on the indian sub-continent, the film combined actual footage shot in india, with scenes which were created on the sound stages of hollywood. halliburton was a well-known adventurer of the day, having traveled the world extensively, and even becoming the first man to swim the panama canal.[4] the film follows halliburton's travels, from the hindu temple of the goddess of kali, through the deserted temples of angkor wat, where he is tempted to try to gain a fortune in jewels, only to be thwarted by a guardian cobra. he watches as hindu devotees wash away their sins in the ganges river, and is discovered as he attempts to sneak into the great mosque in delhi during the feast of ramadan. he falls in love with a 16-year-old princess from kashmir, only to have the relationship aborted by the weather, then becomes friends with a high-ranking lama in tibet. at one point, the film contains the first ever footage of ecstatic rites by hindus, in the city of madras, whereby they pierce their cheeks and tongues with sharp needles, and pull large carts which are attached to their bodies by means of hooks inserted in their flesh.[5] the only credited cast member is richard halliburton, who stars as "the adventurer", as well as being the narrator of the film.
corpus document534
infernal machine
a bomb planted on board a ship may go off at any moment, leaving the crew and passengers in suspense.
corpus document535
the invisible man
on a snowy night, a mysterious stranger, his face swathed in bandages and his eyes obscured by dark goggles, takes a room at the lion's head inn in the english village of iping in sussex. the man demands that he be left alone. later, the innkeeper, mr. hall (forrester harvey) is sent by his wife (una o'connor) to evict the stranger after he makes a huge mess in his room while doing research and falls behind on his rent. angered, the stranger throws mr. hall down the stairs. confronted by a policeman and some local villagers, he removes his bandages and goggles, revealing that he is invisible. laughing maniacally, he takes off his clothes, making himself completely undetectable, and drives off his tormenters before fleeing into the countryside. the stranger is dr. jack griffin (claude rains), a chemist who has discovered the secret of invisibility while conducting a series of tests involving an obscure drug called monocane. flora cranley (gloria stuart), griffin's fiancee and the daughter of griffin's employer, dr. cranley (henry travers), becomes distraught over griffin's long absence. cranley and his other assistant, dr. kemp (william harrigan), search griffin's empty laboratory, finding only a single note in a cupboard. cranley becomes concerned when he reads it. on the note is a list of chemicals including drug monocane, which cranley knows is extremely dangerous; an injection of it drove a dog mad in germany. griffin it seems is unaware of this, cranley deducing he may have learned about monocane in english books printed before the incident that only describe its bleaching power. on the evening of his escape from the inn, griffin turns up at kemp's home. he forces kemp to become his visible partner in a plot to dominate the world through a reign of terror, commencing with "a few murders here and there". they drive back to the inn to retrieve his notebooks on the invisibility process. sneaking inside, griffin finds a police inquiry under way, conducted by an official who believes it is all a hoax. after securing his books, he attacks and kills the officer. back home, kemp calls first cranley, asking for help, and then the police. flora persuades her father to let her come along. in her presence, griffin becomes more placid and calls her "darling." when he realizes kemp has betrayed him, his first reaction is to get flora away from danger. after promising kemp that at 10 o'clock the next night he will murder him, griffin escapes and goes on a killing spree. he causes the derailment of a train, resulting in a hundred deaths, and throws two volunteer searchers off a cliff. the police offer a reward for anyone who can think of a way to catch the invisible man. the chief detective (dudley digges) in charge of the search uses kemp as bait, feeling griffin will try to fulfill his promise, and devises various clever traps. at kemp's insistence, the police disguise him in a police uniform and let him drive his car away from his house. griffin, however, is hiding in the back seat of the car. he overpowers kemp and ties him up in the front seat. griffin then sends the car down a steep hill and over a cliff, where it explodes on impact. griffin seeks shelter from a snowstorm in a barn. a farmer hears snoring and sees the hay, in which griffin is sleeping, moving. the man notifies the police. the police surround the building and set fire to the barn. when griffin comes out, the chief detective sees his footprints in the snow and opens fire, mortally wounding him. griffin is taken to the hospital where, on his deathbed, he admits to flora that he had tampered with something that was meant to be left alone. after he dies, his body gradually becomes visible again.
corpus document536
the kennel murder case
when philo vance's dog does not make it into the final of the long island kennel club's dog show, fellow competitor archer coe (robert barrat) is disappointed, having hoped to savor a victory over vance. the next morning coe is found dead, locked inside his bedroom. district attorney markham (robert mcwade) and police sergeant heath (eugene pallette) assume it was suicide, because coe was shot through the head and was found holding a pistol. vance is not convinced. he soon finds evidence that coe was murdered. coroner dr. doremus (etienne girardot) determines the victim died of a stab wound. there is no shortage of suspects; coe was very much disliked. his niece hilda lake (mary astor) resented her uncle's tight control of her finances and jealousy of any men who showed interest in her. her boyfriend, sir thomas macdonald (paul cavanagh), suspected coe of killing his dog to ensure winning the competition. raymond wrede (ralph morgan), the dead man's secretary, was in love with miss lake, but had been laughed at when he sought coe's support. coe's next-door neighbor and lover doris delafield (helen vinson) had been cheating on him with eduardo grassi (jack la rue). when coe found out, he cancelled a contract to sell his collection of chinese artworks to the milan museum for which grassi worked. liang (james lee), the cook, had worked long, hard, and illegally to help coe amass his collection. he warned his employer against the proposed sale and was fired as a result. even coe's own brother brisbane (frank conroy) despised coe. finally, gamble (arthur hohl), the head servant, had concealed his criminal past. brisbane coe becomes vance's prime suspect. his alibi of taking a train at the time of the murder is disproved. when brisbane is found dead in a closet, vance is both puzzled and enlightened. among brisbane's effects, vance finds a book titled unsolved murders; a bookmarked page details a method of using string to lock a door through the keyhole without leaving a trace. part of the mystery is solved. later, an attempt is made on the life of sir thomas using the same dagger used to kill coe. finally, a doberman pinscher belonging to miss delafield is found seriously injured, apparently struck with a fireside poker. from these and other clues, vance finally solves the crime. it turns out that two men sought coe's life that night. the successful murderer struggled with coe and stabbed him, leaving him for dead. coe awakened soon after. too dazed to recall the fight or notice that he was mortally wounded, he went upstairs to his bedroom and opened his window before dying. brisbane entered the chamber, saw his brother apparently asleep in his chair. he shot the corpse and arranged the scene to look like a suicide. downstairs, he ran into the actual killer, who had seen through a window that archer coe was still alive and came back to finish the job. in the darkness, the killer mistook brisbane for archer and killed the wrong man. delafield's dog then wandered in, attracted by the commotion, and attacked the murderer. while sure of the killer's identity, vance has no proof. he therefore arranges for sir thomas and wrede to quarrel over hilda lake. when wrede instinctively reaches for the poker to strike his rival, the doberman recognizes its attacker and leaps on him. wrede confesses he became enraged when coe refused to assist his courtship of miss lake, precipitating the stabbing.
corpus document537
the keyhole
anne brooks (kay francis), wife of wealthy businessman schuyler brooks, is being blackmailed by her former husband maurice le brun who never finalized their divorce and lied to her about it. acting on advice from brooks' sister, anne books a cruise ship passage to havana, cuba, to lure le brun out of the united states so that he can be blocked from re-entering. suspicious of her behavior, brooks hires private detective neil davis (george brent) to follow her and report on whether she is having an affair, but tells him that she is merely a young woman that he's interested in. anne leaks to le brun the details of her trip and he also boards the ship. davis makes contact with her and sends reports to brooks that she is not having an affair, but begins to develop a romance with her himself. back in new york, brooks learns about the blackmailing from his sister and leaves on a plane to cuba to apologize to anne for being suspicious. meanwhile, anne reveals to davis that she is married to brooks and that she is being blackmailed and he reveals that he is a private detective hired by brooks to follow her. le brun arrives at anne's hotel room for his payoff. to save anne's marriage, davis persuades him to leave via the balcony so that brooks won't find him in a compromising situation with her, but just as brooks comes into the room, anne kisses davis, telling brooks that their marriage is over. le brun falls from the balcony to his death, ending any further threat of blackmail.
corpus document538
king kong
in new york harbor, filmmaker carl denham, famous for making wildlife films in remote and exotic locations, charters captain englehorn's ship, the venture, for his new project. however, he is unable to secure an actress for a female role he has been reluctant to disclose. searching in the streets of new york city, he finds ann darrow and promises her the adventure of a lifetime. the crew boards the venture and sets off, during which the ship's first mate jack driscoll, falls in love with ann. denham reveals to the crew that their destination is in fact skull island, an uncharted territory. he alludes to a monstrous creature named kong, rumored to dwell on the island. the crew arrives and anchor offshore. they encounter a native village, separated from the rest of the island by an ancient stone wall. they witness a group of natives preparing to sacrifice a young woman termed the "bride of kong". the intruders are spotted and the native chief stops the ceremony. when he sees ann, he offers to trade six of his tribal women for the "golden woman". they rebuff him and return to the venture. that night, natives kidnap ann from the ship and take her to their altar, where she is offered to kong, an enormous gorilla-like creature. kong carries ann into the wilderness as denham, driscoll and some volunteers enter the jungle in hopes of rescuing her. they are ambushed by another giant creature, a stegosaurus, which they manage to defeat. after facing a brontosaurus and kong himself, driscoll and denham are the only survivors. a tyrannosaurus attacks ann and kong, but he kills it in battle. meanwhile, driscoll continues to follow them, while denham returns to the village for more men. upon arriving in kong's lair, ann is menaced by a snake-like elasmosaurus, which kong also kills. while kong is distracted killing a pteranodon that tried to fly away with ann, driscoll reaches her and they climb down a vine dangling from a cliff ledge. when kong notices and starts pulling them back up, the two fall unharmed. they run through the jungle and back to the village, where denham, englehorn, and the surviving crewmen are waiting. kong, following, breaks open the gate and relentlessly rampages through the village. onshore, denham, now determined to bring kong back alive, knocks him unconscious with a gas bomb. shackled in chains, kong is taken to new york city and presented to a broadway theatre audience as "kong, the eighth wonder of the world". ann and jack are brought on stage to join him, surrounded by a group of press photographers. kong, believing that the ensuing flash photography is an attack, breaks loose. the audience flees in horror. ann is whisked away to a hotel room on a high floor, but kong, scaling the building, soon finds her. his hand smashes through the hotel room window, immobilizing jack, and abducts ann again. kong rampages through the city. he wrecks a crowded elevated train and then climbs the empire state building. at its top, he is attacked by four airplanes. kong destroys one, but finally succumbs to their gunfire. he ensures ann's safety before falling to his death. ann and jack are reunited. denham arrives and pushes through a crowd surrounding kong's corpse in the street. when a policeman remarks that the planes got him, denham tells him, "it was beauty who killed the beast".
corpus document539
king of the arena
a former circus performer, ken kenton becomes personally involved when a mysterious criminal organization called black death appears to be targeting a circus troupe. ken is reunited with the circus owner's daughter, mary hiller, and crosses the path of bargoff, a bronco rider who resents ken and tries to get him killed in a knife-throwing act. after a russian baron named petroff assists him when bargoff robs the circus and kidnaps mary, it turns out petroff is the ringleader of the black death. a confrontation leaves ken and mary safe to proceed with their lives.
corpus document540
the king's vacation
phillip (arliss), the figurehead monarch of an unnamed country, is unharmed in an assassination attempt. in a conversation with his attempted murderer, anderson, it becomes clear that the king's sympathies are with the downtrodden people. as unrest builds, phillip abdicates to avoid bloodshed. phillip had come to the throne unexpectedly 18 years before, and had been forced to give up his commoner wife helen (gateson) and their infant daughter and marry margaret (played by arliss's real-life wife florence). he is prepared to remain married, but margaret (aware of his lost love) informs him that she too had someone she loved. she refuses to reveal the man's identity, referring to him only as "mr. x". his conscience salved, he is free to seek out helen. he finds her wealthy and, in an ironic twist, she has made it clear to their daughter millicent that she believes that millicent's love, mechanic and inventor john kent, is too far beneath her socially to marry. phillip is favorably impressed by john, but is unable to persuade helen to change her mind. when helen wants a tiara, phillip reluctantly goes to purchase it (despite its resemblance to a crown). on the trip, he encounters margaret and visits her. he is pleasantly surprised by many things he never knew about her, and misses the last train back to helen's mansion. he sends a wire notifying helen; she decides to attend a party anyway, escorted by longtime admirer barstow. on the way back, barstow informs her that, with the impending marriage, he is going away. meanwhile, the royalists are ready to seize back the country, with the army and navy at their side. however, phillip refuses to participate. when barstow comes to bid helen farewell for the last time, she is shocked, having believed he was only joking. phillip sees that she is truly in love with barstow, and suggests they call off the wedding. then he goes to see margaret. having ascertained that she has received no visits from her supposed lost love (and suspecting that she made him up), he announces himself as "mr. x".
corpus document541
the kiss before the mirror
a lawyer (morgan) fears his own wife (carroll) might be having an affair while he defends a cuckolded wife-killer.
corpus document542
ladies they talk about
nan taylor is a member of a gang of bank robbers, posing as a regular customer to distract the security guard while her accomplices take the money. her cover is blown by a policeman who had arrested her before, and she is arrested. reform-minded radio star, david slade, falls in love with her and gets her released as a favor from district attorney simpson. however, when she confesses that she is guilty, simpson has her imprisoned. at san quentin state prison, nan meets fellow inmates linda, "sister susie", and aunt maggie, as well as prison matron noonan. slade continues to send nan letters, but she refuses his entreaties. meanwhile, linda has a fancy for slade, and resents nan for spurring him. her bank accomplice, lefty, visits her, and tells her that don is now imprisoned in the men's section on the other side of the wall. lefty tells her to make a map of the women's section as well as a copy of the matron's key so that the men can escape via the women's section of the prison. however, nan believes slade told the prison officials about the escape plot and don is shot dead as he gets to nan's cell to break her out. nan is given another year, and is not allowed visitors, but vows to seek revenge on slade. when she is released, nan goes to a revival group meeting hosted by slade. he is glad to see her, and she is escorted to a back room where he professes his love for her. she scoffs and accuses him of turning in her bank robber accomplices. she shoots him but misses, hitting him in the arm. sister susie sees this from outside via a keyhole, but slade denies that he has been shot, and slade and nan announce their intention to marry.
corpus document543
lady for a day
the story focuses on apple annie (may robson), an aging and wretched fruit seller in new york city, whose daughter louise (jean parker) has been raised in a spanish convent since she was an infant. louise has been led to believe her mother is a society matron named mrs. e. worthington manville who lives at the hotel marberry. annie discovers her charade is in danger of being uncovered when she learns louise is sailing to new york with her fiancé carlos (barry norton) and his father, count romero (walter connolly). among annie's patrons are dave the dude (warren william), a gambling gangster who believes her apples bring him good luck, and his henchman happy mcguire (ned sparks). annie's friends ask dave to rent her an apartment at the marberry and, although he initially declines, he has a change of heart and arranges for her to live in the lap of luxury in a palatial residence belonging to a friend. his girlfriend, nightclub owner missouri martin (glenda farrell), helps transform annie from a dowdy street peddler to an elegant dowager. dave arranges for pool hustler henry d. blake (guy kibbee) to pose as annie's husband, the dignified judge manville. at the pier, annie tearfully reunites with louise. when three society reporters become suspicious about mrs. e. worthington manville, of whom they can find no public records, they are kidnapped by members of dave's gang, and their disappearance leads the local newspapers to accuse the police department of incompetence. a few days later, blake – in the role of judge manville – announces he is planning a gala reception for louise, carlos, and count romero before they return to spain, and he enlists dave's guys and missouri's dolls to pose as annie's society friends. on the night of the reception, the police – certain dave is responsible for the missing reporters – surround missouri's club, where the gang has assembled for a final rehearsal. dave calls blake to advise him of their predicament, and annie decides to confess everything to count romero. but fate – in the form of a sympathetic mayor and governor and their entourages – unexpectedly steps in and allows annie to maintain her charade and keep louise from learning the truth.
corpus document544
lady killer
after being fired as a theater usher, dan quigley (james cagney) tracks down myra gale (mae clarke) to her apartment and returns the purse she dropped. he then sits in on a poker game with her "brother-in-law", spade maddock (douglass dumbrille), duke (leslie fenton), smiley (russell hopton) and pete (raymond hatton). after he loses all his money, he leaves, only to run into another person trying to return myra's purse. realizing he has been conned, he threatens to go to the police ... unless they let him join them, telling them he has some profitable ideas. he is as good as his word. eventually, they are running a nightclub and casino, a perfect cover to scout the rich as burglary targets. dan stages a car accident so a passing "doctor" can persuade mrs. marley (marjorie gateson) to let him rest for a while in her nearby mansion. this gives dan an opportunity to check out the place, so that they can break in later. more burglaries follow, but dan decides to quit when a butler is killed during the latest one. however, pete cracks under police interrogation and betrays the others; when the police come for them, duke kills pete and everyone flees. dan and myra head to los angeles. dan is picked up for questioning at the train station, so he gives his money to myra for safekeeping. she then runs into spade. when dan telephones her to have her post his bail, spade persuades her to go with him to mexico instead. dan is released anyway. broke, he runs away from what he mistakes for a policeman, only to discover his pursuer is actually hiring extras for a film. dan gladly accepts $3 a day and a box lunch. on his fourth day of work, he meets star lois underwood (margaret lindsay) and is surprised to find her friendly, even to a lowly extra. meanwhile, national studio head ramick (henry o'neill) is looking for fresh, "rough and ready" faces, as the public is tiring of handsome stars. one of his executives suggests dan. dan helps his career along by writing himself hundreds of fan letters a week, and is soon a rising star. he and lois start going out together. when he spots a critic who had written harsh things about lois, he forces the man to literally eat his words, making him swallow the newspaper column, and warns him against panning lois again. he then takes lois home to see his new suite. however, when they unexpectedly find myra in his bedroom, lois leaves. dan throws myra out, but she is not alone. spade and their old gang want dan to use his connections to get them inside stars' homes in preparation for robberies. dan refuses, and offers them $10,000, all the money he has, to leave town and never come back. spade has no intention of departing. when burglaries start occurring using the modus operandi of dan's old gang, the police suspect he is the ringleader. dan tracks the crooks down after they rob lois. he retrieves her jewels at gunpoint, but just as he is leaving, the police arrive. he is arrested, while the others get away. in spite of the protests of the studio bigwigs, lois adamantly intends to pay dan's bail and stand by him. however, spade worries that dan will tell all he knows and has myra bail dan out so they can kill him. myra tells dan, but he already suspected as much and had the police tail them both. after a car chase, the thieves are either dead or in custody, dan is exonerated and he asks the authorities to guarantee leniency for myra. dan and lois then fly to another state to get married without delay.
corpus document545
laughing at life
easter, a soldier of fortune and gunrunner, leaves his family behind escaping from the authorities and an american detective named mason. his globe-hopping escape leads him finally to south america, where he is hired to organize a band of revolutionaries, unaware that they plan to eliminate him when his job is done. here, also, he encounters his own son, who is on track to waste his own life in pursuits similar to easter's.
corpus document546
laughter in hell
o'brien plays an irish mine worker, barney slaney. later barney gets a job as a fireman on the local train for an engineer named mileaway. he gets married, but finds his wife having an affair with grover perkins, a childhood nemesis. barney loses control and kills them both. he turns himself in and receives a life sentence of hard labor. barney quickly finds out that the brother of the man he killed, ed perkins, will be in charge of his chain gang, and the brother bullies him repeatedly. while the prisoners dig graves, barney knocks ed unconscious and drops him into one of the open graves. he then escapes during the ensuing mayhem, in which the warden is killed. he breaks out of the police dragnet, and hides at a farm which recently had a pestilence infection. he meets a woman named lorraine, and they run away together.[3][4]
corpus document547
the life of jimmy dolan
southpaw boxer jimmy dolan believes in clean living outside the ring, but blonde vixen goldie west gets him drunk after a fight. then when reporter magee plans to write about jimmy's behavior, a punch in the face accidentally kills magee. with the fighter certain to face charges and possible incarceration, his manager doc woods makes off with jimmy's money and watch. driving away with goldie, they end up in a fiery car crash and are killed. doc's face is unrecognizable, and because he's wearing jimmy's watch, it is believed the boxer is dead. a detective, phlaxer, is unconvinced. the watch is on the wrong wrist for a left-hander. jimmy, trying to take advantage of the situation and begin a new life, disappears. on the verge of starvation, he comes across a farm run for crippled children by a young woman named peggy and her aunt. he helps them with the kids as thanks for their hospitality. a charity match against boxer king cobra is arranged to raise badly needed money for the farm's mortgage. a photograph of daugherty makes it obvious to phlaxer that fugitive jimmy dolan is very much alive. he intends to take him into custody, but upon seeing how jimmy's life has changed for the better, the detective lets him remain free.
corpus document548
little women
set in concord, massachusetts, during and after the american civil war, the film is a series of vignettes focusing on the struggles and adventures of the four march sisters and their mother, affectionately known as marmee (spring byington), while they await the return of their father (samuel s. hinds), who serves as a colonel and a chaplain in the union army. spirited tomboy jo (katharine hepburn), who caters to the whims of their well-to-do aunt march (edna may oliver), dreams of becoming a famous author, and she writes plays for her sisters to perform for the local children. amy (joan bennett) is pretty but selfish, meg (frances dee) works as a governess, and sensitive beth (jean parker) practices on her clavichord, an aging instrument sorely in need of tuning. the girls meet laurie (douglass montgomery), who has come to live with his grandfather, mr. laurence (henry stephenson), the marches' wealthy next-door neighbor. the laurences invite them to a lavish party, where meg meets laurie's tutor, john brooke (john lodge). during the next several months john courts meg, jo's first short story becomes published, and beth often takes advantage of mr. laurence's offer for her to practice on his piano. marmee learns that her husband is recuperating in a hospital in washington, d.c., after an injury, so she goes to washington to care for him. during her absence beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor's baby. she recovers, albeit in a weakened condition. the march parents return, and meg marries john. laurie confesses his love to jo, who rejects him. when he snubs her in return, jo moves to new york city to pursue her writing career, and she lives in a boarding house. there she meets professor bhaer (paul lukas), an impoverished german linguist. with his help and encouragement jo improves her writing, and she resolves her confused feelings about laurie. beth, debilitated, is near to death, so jo returns to concord. after beth dies, jo learns that amy, who accompanied aunt march to europe, has fallen in love with laurie and accepted his proposal. professor bhaer arrives from new york city and proposes to jo, who accepts, then amy and laurie eventually marry.
corpus document549
looking forward
with his upscale department store steadily losing money, gabriel service, sr. (lewis stone) is forced to discharge some of his employees, including an unenterprising but loyal and long-serving tim benton (lionel barrymore). then service returns home to his mansion to inform his family of their own financial straits; he has kept the 200-year-old family firm afloat with his own money in recent times. neither his young adult children, caroline (elizabeth allan) and michael (phillips holmes), nor their stepmother isobel (benita hume) take him very seriously at first, despite his repeated warnings over the past few months. isobel has also been seeing another man behind her oblivious husband's back. the situation becomes so dire that philip bendicott (lawrence grant), one of service's business partners, strongly urges him to sell out to stoner, whose store chain is one of the few thriving businesses, serving a lower class clientele. service loathes the idea, but decides he has no choice. gossip soon spreads, especially when stoner himself comes to inspect the department store. when he breaks the news to his family, they are all appalled. the next day, when he returns home, caroline informs him that isobel has run off with her lover. caroline and michael urge their father to keep the firm and fight on. though gratified by their spirit and unexpected concern for the store, service rejects their proposal. meanwhile, benton has started a very successful business in his own home, with his wife lil (doris lloyd) baking delectable pastries and cakes and their offspring, willie (douglas walton (actor)) and elsie (viva tattersall), pitching in. michael flies back from paris and berlin, where his family thought he was taking a vacation, instead he shows them his designs of striking furniture, which he believes could be manufactured and sold by the department store, further caroline wants to work as well in the department store. but service sr. doesn't want to take the risk and is decided to sell. afterwards, on the way to the solicitors to sign away his store, he runs into benton. benton tells him about his "benton pastries enterprise" and make him taste one. mr. service is very delighted by the pastry and benton tries to get him to change his mind. when service reads in the newspaper that the deal is already done, he is so outraged at stoner's impudence that he does cancel the sale, due to benton's example and encouragement. the last scene with service sr., service jr., caroline, jeoffrey fielding (colin clive), service's assistant and caroline's admirer, and benton is a optimistic scene, where the young take over helping the older to feel, that things go on. michael service tastes a pastry from benton and orders 4 dozens/day for the store, caroline wants to live on her earnings and be "very poor" to be on the level of jeoffrey and finally the rain stops and a rainbow comes out. together, the services look forward to the future with optimism.
corpus document550
luxury liner
the steamship germania is setting sail from bremen to new york, with a stop in cherbourg. dr. veith is annoyed that he has been assigned to be the ship's doctor, as he would rather stay home with his family. his married friend and fellow ship's officer baron von luden tries to flirt with the ship's nurse, morgan, but she is not interested. veith says morgan seems to have no friends and never leaves the ship when it is in port. dr. veith meets his old friend dr. bernhard (george brent), who is desperate to sail on the sold-out ship because his wife sybil (vivienne osborne) is on board, running away with her lover, the financier alex stevanson (frank morgan). veith arranges for bernhard to take his place. to bernhard's surprise, his wife's cabin is empty; a maid suggests that she might board at cherbourg. milli lensch (alice white), a winsome young blonde who is traveling in third class, but eager to make her way up in the world, flirts with old edward thorndyke (c. aubrey smith). thorndyke was once a wealthy textile manufacturer, but he was ruined by stevanson and is now seeking to start over in america. schultz, one of thorndyke’s former employees and now a company owner, comes down from 2nd class to invite thorndyke (and milli) to take tea with him tomorrow. thorndyke turns him down, but milli is delighted to accept. after the ship docks at cherbourg, bernhard goes to his wife's cabin, but she locks the door and refuses to see him. bernhard is called away by a medical emergency before he can break the door down. meanwhile, stevanson is very pleased to encounter opera singer luise marheim (verree teasdale). stevanson sends a telegram ordering the purchase of german-american steamship shares, causing other passengers to also rush to buy the stock. when the third-class passengers want to pool their meager funds to do the same, thorndyke reluctantly offers to handle the transaction. milli enjoys dancing in second class, although she fails to persuade schultz to buy her a present. when schultz's business acquaintance, jewelry dealer exl (theodore von eltz), comes along, she gets him to invite her up to first class. this disappoints an elevator operator (barry norton) who has fallen for her and promised to show her new york. after a fine dinner and champagne, exl takes milli to his cabin and tries to force himself on her in return for a diamond bracelet. she flees to the arms of her elevator operator and realizes that she prefers to be poor but honorable. after bernhard delivers a baby, he confronts his wayward wife. she tells him she never loved him. when stevanson tries to intervene, bernard punches him and leaves. stevanson then has his things moved to another suite, much to sybil's distress. sybil finds stevanson dining with luise. he tells sybil their relationship is over and he will "write her a check" to be rid of her. in his stateroom, sybil kills stevanson with the pistol she stole from bernhard's desk. bernhard arrives moments afterwards and takes the blame. when morgan cannot make him defend himself, she becomes greatly agitated and reveals that, five years ago, she had a husband and two children. after he left her for another woman, she tried to kill herself and her children. she was saved, but her babies died. bernhard regrets that he did not meet her sooner. sybil then jumps overboard, but not before leaving a note in which she admits killing stevanson. bernhard and morgan decide to start a new life together as the ship pulls into new york. with stevanson dead, the value of german-american steamship shares plummets. the third-class passengers fear they are penniless – until thorndyke reveals that he never invested their money.
corpus document551
the mad game
the film concerns an imprisoned bootlegger (spencer tracy) recruited from incarceration to help capture his own gang after they kidnap the daughter (claire trevor) of the judge who jailed him. the supporting cast includes ralph morgan, j. carrol naish, matt mchugh, and paul fix, and the movie was directed by irving cummings.
corpus document552
mama loves papa
while wilbur todd (charlie ruggles) is content with his middle class life, his wife jessie (mary boland) aspires to a higher social stannding. she insists he wear fine clothes because she believes that clothes make the man. when his strange new clothes bring derision rather than admiration, and tired of his wife's constant nagging, wilbur goes off on a drunken spree and innocently becomes involved with the village vamp, mrs. mcintosh (lilyan tashman).
corpus document553
the man from monterey
the story is based on the requirement of spanish land owners in california to register their lands before a deadline and the chicanery practiced by some to prevent registration.
corpus document554
man of the forest
based upon a novel by zane grey, man of the forest involves a young lady (verna hillie) who is captured by a band of outlaws led by clint beasley (noah beery). brett dale (randolph scott) figures out their plan and rescues her.
corpus document555
man's castle
well-dressed bill (spencer tracy) takes pity on trina (loretta young), a hungry young woman he meets in a city park and treats her to a dinner in a fancy restaurant. after she is finished, he informs the manager he has no money. he then raises such a ruckus that the manager is all too willing to let them go. when bill learns that trina is also homeless, he lets her stay at his ramshackle home in a shanty town. among their neighbors and friends are widowed former preacher ira (walter connolly) and flossie (marjorie rambeau), an alcoholic older woman ira is trying to reform. bill is a wandering sort, unwilling to live in the same place too long. trina falls in love with him, but wisely makes no demands that will make him feel trapped in their developing relationship. when she longs for a new stove, he raises the down payment by serving a summons on fay la rue (glenda farrell), the star of a show. far from resenting it, fay wants him for a playmate. he is tempted, but turns her down. just as bill's restless nature starts becoming too much for him, trina tells him she is pregnant. ira presides at bill and trina's wedding. before hitting the road by himself, bill decides to get enough money to support his wife and future child. he agrees to help slimy neighbor bragg (arthur hohl) rob the payroll from a toy factory where bragg used to work. ira, the night watchman, shoots bill before recognizing him. fortunately, it is only a flesh wound. wanting trina for himself, bragg turns on the burglar alarm, but bill gets away with ira's help. back home, trina dresses the wound. flossie suggests that bill take trina away with him, solving bill's dilemma. after they leave, bragg threatens to set the police on their track, but flossie silences him with ira's gun.
corpus document556
the mayor of hell
racketeer patsy gargan is made deputy commissioner of a reform school as a reward from his corrupt political cronies. initially, he has no interest in the school, but his sympathy for the boys, who are abused and battered by a brutal, heartless warden and his thuggish guards convince him to take the job seriously, as does an attractive resident nurse named dorothy. gargan sends thompson, the superintendent, on vacation and, while he is gone, puts dorothy's reform ideas into action. the school is functioning well under a system of self-government when patsy is called back to the city to take care of some political business. patsy shoots another man during a fight and has to go into hiding. thompson returns to the school and convinces the boys that patsy has abandoned them. he then starts running things the old way and, when dorothy protests over the poor quality of the food served, he fires her. then one of the boys, johnny "skinny" stone, dies while in solitary confinement and the boys rebel. thompson is put on trial by the boys, who find him guilty. thompson, in a panic, jumps out a window to escape. pursued by the boys, many of whom carry torches, he scrambles up onto the roof of a barn. the boys immediately set fire to the barn. dorothy, meanwhile, finds patsy in his hideout and tells him the whole story. patsy races back to the school to restore order, but thompson is dead, having fallen from the roof of the barn. at the picture's end, patsy decides to give up his political career and stay at the school permanently.
corpus document557
meet the baron
a couple of bunglers (jimmy durante and jack pearl) are abandoned in the jungles of africa by baron munchausen. a rescue team mistake pearl for the missing baron, and take the two of them back to america where they receive a hero's welcome. the phony baron is invited to speak at cuddle college, run by dean primrose (edna may oliver). there he falls for zasu pitts and meets three crazy janitors (the three stooges), and faces exposure as a fraud.
corpus document558
melody cruise
on a cruise liner a bachelor millionaire is subject to the attention of women seeking a rich husband.
corpus document559
men must fight
nurse laura mattson (diana wynyard) and world war i military pilot lt. geoffrey aiken (robert young) fall in love after only knowing each other for a few days. tragically, he is brought to her hospital and, by chance, put under her care after being fatally wounded on his very first mission. after he dies, laura realizes she is pregnant. edward seward (lewis stone) loves her and persuades her to marry him. as far as anyone knows, the child will be his. by 1940, laura's son bob has grown into a young man, newly engaged to peggy chase. laura has raised bob to embrace pacifism. meanwhile, edward seward, now united states secretary of state, flies home after having negotiated the seward peace treaty, which he claims will make it impossible for any country to go to war again. however, when the u.s. ambassador to the state of "eurasia" is assassinated while en route to the eurasian state department to discuss an earlier diplomatic incident, the president sends the navy across the atlantic to underscore the u.s. demand for a formal apology. eurasia refuses to comply, and another world war becomes inevitable despite the treaty. laura speaks at a large peace rally, over her husband's strong objection. the rally is broken up a group of angry men. a mob then gathers at the seward home and starts pelting the place. edward manages to disperse the crowd by first reminding the mob of each american's right to voice his or her own opinion in peacetime, and pledging himself wholeheartedly to the struggle once war is declared. when a news reporter interviews him, he insists his son will enlist. bob categorically denies this, causing peggy to break off their engagement. unable to get his son to change his mind, edward tells him that he at least has no right to sully the seward name, revealing that he is not bob's father. laura confirms it, and tells bob of his real father and how he died. war breaks out. privately, edward informs his wife that the war is going badly because america fell behind during the years of peace; the "canal" has been captured by the enemy, and 12,000 u.s. troops killed in two days by enemy gas bombs. when eurasia launches an air raid on new york city, destroying such landmarks as the empire state building and the brooklyn bridge, hundreds are killed and laura is injured, though not seriously. bob changes his stance and enlists, not in the chemical division as a trained chemist as edward had suggested, but as an aviator like his real father. bob and peggy marry, then he departs with his squadron. as she watches bob's squadron fly over the city, laura now understands that freedom is not free; that we must always be prepared to safeguard it; and we all have a responsibility to defend it.
corpus document560
midnight mary
the story begins with an indifferent mary martin (young) sitting in a courtroom, on trial for murder. as the jury leaves to deliberate her fate, the story flashbacks on mary's hard life as a woman living in a large city of the 1930s, as well as on the two lusty men—a gangster, leo darcy (cortez), and a lawyer, tom mannering, jr. (tone)—with whom she is involved.[1]
corpus document561
the midnight patrol
laurel and hardy play two policemen on night patrol, hence the title. they are given instructions to investigate a reported break-in but in the process of gathering the details from hq they stumble upon a would be thief who is attempting to crack the safe of a small store. laurel mistakes him for the store owner, even going so far as to give assistance in the safe cracking, when hardy enters to see what is keeping laurel the boys manage to work out that the thief is not the store owner and rather than arrest him order him to appear in court at a date to suit the criminal. the boys head back to their car only to find the same thief attempting to steal it, angered hardy insists that he must 'appear tuesday' after all (a day the criminal is planning a bank robbery). on arriving at the alleged crime scene the audience sees that the case is that the owner of the mansion got locked out and so there is no actual robber or robbery at the location. the boys however are unaware of this and attempt to break down the front door and eventually manage to succeed with great effort, having causing a great deal of damage to the property they proceed to arrest the owner of the property who they perceive to be the robber. the boys bring the suspect in to great praise by their colleagues, however the real identity of the 'robber' soon becomes apparent as the other officers recognize him as the chief of police. realizing their error hardy explains that they are 'new', the chief seemingly does not accept this excuse and as the boys flee off-screen he opens fire. the other officers then remove their hats indicating that deaths have occurred and the chief says "send for the coroner".
corpus document562
morning glory
eva lovelace (katharine hepburn) is a performer from a small town who has dreamed since childhood of making it big on broadway. she has evidently gone to many auditions, but no one has given her a break. at the management office of the easton theatre, where she hopes to land a role, another actress, current star rita vernon (mary duncan), breezes in to see the handsome middle-aged theater owner and producer, louis easton (adolphe menjou), a consummate businessman who is well aware of his prestige in the theater world. blonde diva rita is high-handed and self-absorbed, with an alcohol problem as well, but she's under verbal contract to easton. she shamelessly flirts as she negotiates a deal; she'll accept a small role (which she doesn't want) in the upcoming play, for one big concession: her pick of roles in the next production. the principals are taking a risk that she'll contain her artistic temperament and lay off the bottle. even so, her name and fame will help launch the play, a new comedy by joseph sheridan (douglas fairbanks jr.) meanwhile, as she waits to see if she'll get a chance to talk to easton, eva meets and impresses robert hedges (c. aubrey smith), an experienced character actor also under contract to easton. delighted with her childlike ebullience, hedges agrees to help her. he takes eva into the office and introduces her as his protegee. sheridan, there to cast his upcoming comedy production, is also immediately struck by eva's vivacious and eccentric personality, a non-stop talker, eva bubbles over with intensity about her small town bourgeois background and her belief in non-conformity and self-realization. she declares that after a long and successful career, she'll kill herself onstage as a dramatic farewell to her fans. joseph is entranced, but the aristocratic easton sees her as too young and inexperienced, even somewhat crazy. months pass. hedges has lost touch with eva. she frequently moves due to poor finances and hasn't been cast in meaningful roles. hedges finds her struggling and hungry. eva expresses regret that easton gave her a small role in one of his lesser plays, one which flopped. she bravely declares she won't take any more offers, unless the role truly suits her abilities. realizing she's broke and basically starving, hodges escorts her to a celebrity party at easton's apartment. eva quickly downs two glasses of champagne, although she's not a drinker. inebriated, eva sits on the arm of easton's chair, stroking his face and vowing to prove her dramatic talents to him. she makes a spectacle of herself before the bemused party guests. then unexpectedly she gives two shakespearean orations, hamlet's well-known monologue ("to be or not to be") followed by juliet's balcony scene. the difference in the roles demonstrates her art; she gets a polite ovation from the guests and further impresses sheridan. eva lays her head on easton's lap and promptly falls asleep. his butler put her to bed in his own bedroom. the next morning, easton asks sheridan for help. easton gave in to temptation and explains the encounter through innuendo. he's remorseful at taking advantage of a girl's innocence and can't face her. joseph is devastated to learn that the overnight guest was eva. easton apologizes and leaves. a radiant eva comes downstairs and sees joseph, whom she obviously regards as "just a friend." happily she tells him everything. to her, the night with easton is the beginning of a long commitment. joseph can't bring himself to break her heart; he lets her go without explaining. again months pass. eva has tried numerous times to see easton. unwilling to face her, easton has simply ignored her. joseph keeps his own love a secret. easton's theater company is ready to showcase joseph's dramatic masterpiece. the play will star rita vernon. joseph approves of her performance in rehearsals. backstage on opening night, rita calls easton into her dressing room. heretofore she and easton have had only verbal agreements. aware of the power she holds at this late hour, rita now has outrageous demands. she wants a written contract with a huge salary increase and half the profits from the entire run of the play. otherwise, she won't go onstage. easton thinks he has no choice but to comply. joseph draws him aside. he urges easton to let rita go. instead, they can bring in a special understudy, one he's kept secret until this very moment. she is now revealed as eva lovelace. easton reluctantly agrees and rita storms off the set. eva and joseph end up together in the star's dressing room. faced with this sudden opportunity, eva seems overcome with doubt and fear. she can't perform with easton in the audience; they haven't even spoken since their night together. she feels unsure of her talents, doomed to failure. joseph reassures her that she can handle whatever is thrown at her. she's strong and beautiful, a born actress who can now prove it. buoyantly, eva rallies, gathers her self-confidence and resolves to conquer the role. the film resumes with everyone onstage taking their bows to tremendous applause. eva is a complete success. backstage after the amazing debut, easton reconciles with eva, offering her his professional friendship and aid. when he goes, joseph gathers the courage to declare his love for eva. unsure of everything, eva hushes him and makes him leave. now she's there with only her dresser, an elegant elderly lady who was herself once a brief star or "morning glory." the dresser comforts eva, assuring her that she has the talent to succeed in show business and life; but really only one thing matters, true love. she knows that because she once spurned the love she was offered, choosing fame instead, at the beginning of her all too brief career. renewed, eva readies herself to forge down the rocky road to stardom ahead of her. the film ends with some uncertainty, but on an upbeat note. once again self-confident, dramatic to the heart, eva declares to her dresser, "i'm not afraid...to be a morning glory. i am not afraid!"
corpus document563
mr. broadway
the plot involves a newspaper reporter (ed sullivan, aka "mr. broadway") gathering material for his column. the plot was patterned on a similar film by columnist walter winchell, broadway through a keyhole (1933). the sullivan film primarily serves as a vehicle for him to escort viewers to various trendy new york nightclubs to watch celebrities.[1]
corpus document564
murder on the campus
reporter bill bartlett is researching a piece on students, but soon finds himself investigating a murder. he hears a gunshot coming from a college bell tower, and finds himself a murder suspect when police captain ed kyne discovers him at the scene of the crime. bartlett also finds himself in love with one of the chief suspects, lillian voyne, and is designated to cover the story as a reporter. after two more students are killed, bartlett enlists the help of c. edson hawley, respected college professor and amateur detective.
corpus document565
murders in the zoo
big-game hunter and wealthy zoologist eric gorman (lionel atwill) is an insanely jealous husband who uses his animal knowledge to dispose of his impulsive wife’s lovers. the film opens in an indian jungle with gorman using a needle and thread to sew a colleague’s mouth closed after having discovered that he had kissed his wife, and then he seals the man’s fate by abandoning him in the jungle with the wild beasts. gorman later pretends to be surprised at hearing that the man had been eaten by tigers. both gorman and his wife evelyn (kathleen burke) then return to america aboard a ship packed with captured animals he intends to add to his collection at a major zoo. on the ship, evelyn starts to develop promiscuous relations with roger hewitt (john lodge), which she makes little effort to hide from her husband. naturally, the murderously jealous gorman takes notice. so once back in the states, he begins to plot a way to get rid of hewitt. the zoo is beginning to run into financial trouble and the new press agent, peter yates (charles ruggles), a man terrified of most of the zoo’s animals and considered to be an alcoholic, decides to host a fundraising dinner. gorman takes this as a perfect opportunity to dispense his vengeance by poisoning hewitt with mamba venom. he had obtained the poison after asking the zoo’s laboratory doctor, jack woodford (randolph scott), to work on finding an antitoxin for the snake’s fatal bite. when hewitt unexpectedly dies at the fundraising dinner, evelyn accuses her husband of being the murderer. outraged, gorman attacks her, but she is able to escape into his office where she finds a mechanical mamba head seeping with real mamba poison in his desk. she now knows for a fact that he killed hewitt and takes the snake head with the intention to find dr. woodford. however, gorman finds her and prevents her from revealing his crime by throwing her to the alligators, where she is torn to shreds. the following day a group of children who sneak into the zoo discover tattered remains of evelyn’s dress. dr. woodford then becomes suspicious and accuses gorman of murdering both his wife and rodger hewitt. gorman disposes of dr. woodford by attacking him with the mechanical snake head just as he had done to hewitt. the doctor's assistant jerry (gail patrick) gives woodford a shot of the antitoxin he had created for the mamba poison in time to save his life. she also realizes that gorman is responsible for the apparent mamba attack when he tries to stop her, and has the zoo's alarms set off. a police chase thus ensues as gorman is pursued through the zoo. gorman releases big cats from the carnivore house in the hopes of distracting the police, but it backfires and a lion chases gorman into the cage of a boa constrictor, who then slowly kills and devours him. in the epilogue, jerry visits a convalescing dr. woodford in the hospital. the stress, meanwhile, has caused yates to fall off the wagon, and he is seen fearlessly meandering through the zoo, even swatting on the nose a still free lion that had been stalking him.
corpus document566
mystery of the wax museum
ivan igor (lionel atwill) is a sculptor who operates a wax museum in 1921 london. he gives a private tour to a friend, dr. rasmussen (holmes herbert) and an investor, mr. galatalin (claude king) showing them sculptures of joan of arc, voltaire, and his favorite, marie antoinette. formerly a stone sculptor who did wax modeling as a hobby, he explains he turned to wax sculpting completely because he felt more "satisfied" that he could reproduce "the warmth, flesh, and blood of life far better in wax than in cold stone". mr. galatalin, impressed by his sculptures, offers to submit igor's work to the royal academy after he returns from a trip to egypt. unfortunately business at the museum is failing due to people's attraction to the macabre (a nearby wax museum caters to that). igor's partner joe worth (edwin maxwell) proposes to burn the museum down for the insurance money of £10,000. igor will not allow such a travesty, but worth starts a fire anyway. igor tries to stop him and he and worth get into a fight. as they fight, wax masterworks are melting in the flames. worth knocks igor unconscious, leaving the sculptor to die in the fire. igor survives, however, and reemerges in 1933, 12 years later, in new york city, reopening a new wax museum. his hands and legs have been badly crippled in the fire and he must rely on assistants to create his new sculptures. meanwhile, spunky reporter florence dempsey (glenda farrell), on the verge of being fired for not bringing in any worthwhile news, is sent out by her impatient editor, jim (frank mchugh), to investigate the suicide of a model named joan gale (monica bannister). during this time, a hideous monster steals the body of joan gale from the morgue. when investigators find that her body has been stolen, they suspect murder. the finger initially points to george winton (gavin gordon), son of a powerful industrialist, but after visiting him in jail, florence thinks differently. florence's roommate is charlotte duncan (fay wray), whose fiancé ralph (allen vincent) works at igor's new wax museum. while visiting the museum, florence notices an uncanny resemblance between a wax figure of joan of arc and the dead model. at the same time, igor spots charlotte and remarks on her resemblance to his sculpture of marie antoinette. igor employs a couple of shady characters: professor darcy (arthur edmund carewe), a drug addict, and hugo (matthew betz), a deaf-mute. darcy also works for joe worth, now a bootlegger in the city, among whose customers is none other than winton. while investigating an old house where worth keeps his bootlegged alcohol, florence discovers a monster connected with the museum, but cannot prove any connection with the disappearance of joan gale's body. darcy is seen running from the house and is caught by the police. when brought to the station, he eventually breaks down and admits that igor is in fact the killer and that he has been murdering people (including a missing judge whose watch was found on darcy's person), stealing their bodies, and dipping them in wax to create lifelike sculptures. charlotte, visiting ralph at the museum, is trapped there by igor, who it is revealed can still walk. when charlotte tries to get away, she pounds away at his face, breaking a wax mask that he has made of himself, to reveal that he had been horribly disfigured. he also shows her the dead body of joe worth, whom darcy had been tracking down for him for some time. when she faints, he straps her onto a table, intending to douse her with molten wax and make her his lost marie antoinette sculpture. florence leads the police to the museum just in time: for a man supposedly crippled by fire, igor moves with surprising speed and agility, successfully fighting off the police, but is finally gunned down. he falls into a giant vat of wax which was intended for charlotte. charlotte is saved when ralph moves away the table she is strapped to from where the wax is about to pour onto her. when florence reports her story to her editor, jim, he proposes to her. having to choose between money (winton) and happiness (jim), she picks the latter.
corpus document567
night flight
in south america, the daunting mountains and dangerous weather have hampered the operations of trans-andean european air mail, a 1930s-era airline. charged with delivering a serum to stem an outbreak of infantile paralysis in rio de janeiro, auguste pellerin (robert montgomery) conquers his fears, but is reprimanded by the airline's stern director, a. riviére (john barrymore) for coming in late. determined to make the night flight program work, riviére has sent pilot jules fabian (clark gable) and his wireless operator on another dangerous flight. the pair are caught in a torrential rain storm and when madame fabian (helen hayes) comes to the headquarters, she realizes that her husband is overdue. the two airmen, flying blind over the ocean, run out of fuel and choose to jump, but are drowned. riviére refuses to quit and orders a brazilian pilot (william gargan) to take the mail to rio, but the pilot's wife (myrna loy) pleads with him not to go. despite the dangers, the night mail is delivered on time. the pilot despairs that his flight only meant that someone in paris can get a postcard on tuesday instead of thursday, but its real value is proven when the serum is also delivered and a child is saved.
corpus document568
night of terror
police have been vainly searching the countryside for the knife-wielding maniac, who has been on a murderous spree. the maniac's victims are each found with a taunting newspaper clipping attached to their body. after the wealthy uncle of a young scientist is mysteriously murdered, people wonder if the maniac is responsible. prior to his uncle's death, the young scientist in question, dr. arthur hornsby, claimed to have developed a method of living without oxygen for extended periods. to prove his theory, he had himself buried after taking a dose of the serum. despite his incapacity, the death of his uncle leaves a vast fortune, which is to be divided amongst his family members and servants. in the event that one or more them dies, the inheritance is split among the remaining survivors. subsequently, members of the family begin to die, one-by-one, and suspicion is cast on the servants, including the "mystic" butler (bela lugosi). at the end, we discover that dr. hornsby faked his burial and was using it as a cover for committing the murders. his plan was to kill any other heirs to his uncle's fortune so that he may obtain sole possession. his plan is eventually discovered and exposed by the butler. the maniac is shot, and apparently killed, by the newspaper reporter, tom hartley; but in the closing moments of the film, he comes back to life and claims that he will haunt the audience if they reveal the plot twist to anyone.
corpus document569
no other woman
anna (irene dunne) yearns to escape from pittsburgh and tells her boyfriend, steelworker jim stanley (charles bickford) that she will never marry a steelworker, but he changes her mind. after their marriage, however, she does not abandon her dream; she gets as much money as she can and runs a boarding house to build up their savings. when her friend joe (eric linden) discovers a way to make a permanent dye out of the waste products of the steel mill, she sees her chance. despite his initial opposition, jim supports his wife. he tells joe that he can either sell his invention to the mill owners or they can go into partnership and manufacture the dye themselves. joe chooses the latter, and jim builds up the business and becomes extremely rich. anna resides in a mansion with their young son, bobbie. on a business trip to new york city, jim is attracted to golddigger margot (gwili andre) and they begin an affair. when anna finds out, she confronts her husband. he says he loves margot and wants a divorce, but anna refuses to give him one, forcing him to take her to court. at the trial, several bribed witnesses claim that anna herself has a lover. under the relentless questioning of jim's lawyer, bonelli (j. carrol naish), she breaks down in tears. when she learns that she will lose custody of bobbie, anna desperately claims that jim is not the boy's father. this claim causes jim to admit he paid his servants to perjure themselves and is sentenced to jail. while in prison, his business is wiped out by the scandal and he is left penniless. when he is released after a year, he is too ashamed to go see his wife. he returns to work in the steel mill, but she finds and embraces him.
corpus document570
obey the law
a good-hearted and patriotic italian immigrant barber tony pasqual (leo carrillo) who takes pity on embittered war veteran bob richards (eddie garr). when richards robs him, pasqual responds by helping richards find a job. richards dies while trying to rescue young dickie chester (dickie moore) from illicit gambling, and pasqual takes in chester and his mother (lois wilson). big joe reardon (henry clive) is unsuccessful in using public displays of charitable good deeds to fool pasqual into believing that he's not the neighborhood crime boss, so he has the barber shop destroyed. pasqual gets reardon apprehended by the police by telling his story on radio.[1]
corpus document571
oliver twist
an orphan boy in 1830s london is abused in a workhouse, then falls into the clutches of a gang of thieves.
corpus document572
one sunday afternoon
dr. lucius griffith "biff" grimes (gary cooper) is a small town dentist dissatisfied with his lot. though married to the lovely and affectionate amy lind grimes (frances fuller), grimes still carries a torch for his former sweetheart, virginia "virgie" brush barnstead (fay wray). years earlier, grimes had lost virgie to his old friend hugo barnstead (neil hamilton), and is consumed with the desire to get even with his rival. the now-wealthy hugo comes to visit grimes, with virgie in tow. grimes then seeks to rekindle his old romance.
corpus document573
only yesterday
unlike in the zweig story, in the end emerson acknowledges his son.[7]
corpus document574
our betters
just after her wedding, american hardware heiress pearl saunders overhears her husband, lord george grayston, telling his mistress that he only married her for her money. disillusioned, she grows hard and cynical. five years later, she has made herself a force among the british upper class with her parties. among her friends are divorced duchess minnie, gossip-loving thornton clay, philanthropic princess flora, and arthur fenwick, her wealthy and adoring lover. arthur discreetly provides her with a much-needed regular allowance, as her now absent husband has squandered most of her fortune. pearl introduces her younger sister bessie to english aristocracy and especially to eligible young bachelor lord harry bleane. bessie is seduced by the glamour of high society. when her former fiance, fleming harvey, comes to see her, it becomes clear to him that she no longer loves him. harry proposes to bessie; she accepts, though she tells him only that she likes him very much. pearl's social circle spends a weekend at the grayston country estate. there, minnie's gigolo, pepi d'costa, privately woos pearl. eventually, she has a rendezvous with him in the detached teahouse. however, this is detected by minnie. she maliciously sends an unsuspecting bessie to fetch her purse, whereupon bessie sees too much. her suspicions confirmed, minnie denounces pearl before the others. arthur is furious and disheartened. pearl's feelings are not hurt; she is more concerned about it becoming known. pearl delays minnie's departure for london and, through her wiles, manages to make up with both minnie and arthur. minnie even forgives pepi, finally agreeing to marry him. she then convinces minnie to stay another night and learn the latest tango steps from effete dance instructor ernest. when bessie expresses her disgust with her sister's behavior, however, pearl is truly hurt. she has second thoughts and persuades harry to break the engagement. bessie asks a delighted fleming to take her away.
corpus document575
parachute jumper
united states marine corps lieutenants and pilots bill keller (douglas fairbanks, jr.) and "toodles" cooper (frank mchugh) are shot down in the skies over nicaragua. when they are found drunk and unharmed in a cantina, they and the marine corps go their separate ways. they are offered jobs as commercial pilots, but when they arrive in new york city, they find their would-be employer has gone bankrupt. unemployed and almost out of money, they meet blonde southerner patricia "alabama" brent (bette davis). keller convinces her to share their apartment to save on expenses. keller narrowly escapes death when he parachute jumps for some money. next, he becomes the chauffeur for mrs. newberry (claire dodd), the mistress of gangster kurt weber (leo carrillo). she makes it clear that she expects more than just being driven around by him. weber comes in and finds mrs. newberry kissing keller. he kicks her out, but is impressed by the cool way keller handles himself when threatened with a gun. weber hires him as his bodyguard. by chance, alabama gets hired by weber as a secretary. later, keller and cooper become entangled in weber's smuggling schemes, flying in contraband from canada. on the return trip, keller shoots down two airplanes who intercept and fire upon him, thinking they are hijackers when they are really part of the border patrol. fortunately, there are no fatalities. weber and his henchman steve donovan (harold huber) set a trap for two disgruntled, unpaid ex-employees; donovan guns them down in cold blood, intending to frame keller, but alabama overhears and calls keller away from the scene. as a result, keller hands in his resignation, but weber persuades him and cooper to make one more delivery for him. after cooper leaves, keller learns that they have been smuggling not liquor, but narcotics. the authorities close in on weber's office; weber and keller get away, but weber leaves donovan behind to get shot down. weber has keller fly him away. the border patrol catches up and shoots them down. keller has time to arrange it to look like weber was the pilot and he was a kidnap victim. unable to find work, cooper decides to rejoin the marines. keller finally finds alabama and asks her to marry him, saying that he can support her if he too reenlists in the corps.[2]
corpus document576
parole girl
when sylvia day (mae clarke) is caught trying to pull a scam on the taylor department store in new york city, she pleads with the store manager to let her go, but his boss, joe smith (ralph bellamy), insists on following store policy, and she is handed over to the police, convicted and sentenced to a year in prison. sylvia is consumed with the idea of getting revenge on joe. she becomes friends with chatty fellow inmate jeanie vance (marie prevost), who offers to team up with her (and commit more crimes) once they have served their time. when sylvia learns that jeanie has a surprising connection to joe, she decides to get out early. she sets a fire, then passes out from the smoke while trying to put it out. for her "heroism", she is granted parole. tony gratton (hale hamilton), her partner in the failed con, tries to talk her into marrying him and going to chicago to continue their life of crime, but she is determined to avenge herself. besides, she knows that tony is already married. sylvia stalks joe, learning all she can about him. then, she pretends to be an old acquaintance at a nightclub where joe is celebrating his promotion to general manager by getting drunk. the next morning, joe discovers her in his apartment. she informs him that they have gotten married. joe laughs, then tells her that he already has a wife. she tells him she knows (it is jeanie), then reveals her motives. tony shows up, masquerading as the person who married them; he gives joe the marriage license the couple supposedly left behind. threatened with a charge of bigamy, joe reluctantly agrees to support sylvia for a year, the length of her parole. tony tries again to get sylvia to be his partner in crime. when she refuses, he slips a counterfeit $20 bill in her purse. sylvia goes on a shopping spree and pays for some of her purchases with the bill. it is traced back to her, but when a policeman shows up to take her back to jail, joe pretends that she took the money out of his pants pocket. as a store manager, he deals with counterfeit money all the time. the ploy works, and jeanie sends back her extravagant purchases. later, joe calls her from the office and asks her for a favor. mr. taylor (ferdinand gottschalk), the store's somewhat eccentric owner, has found out that joe is married, so he is coming to dinner at their apartment. while sylvia is cooking, jeanie arrives. her friend has been released early and intends to blackmail her husband (whom she married long ago while he was in college and then lost track of), once she can locate him, before heading to florida with sylvia. sylvia gets her to leave before joe and mr. taylor show up (early) by promising to give her a decision the next day. taylor insists on doing the cooking; he is fed up with being waited on by servants. he becomes very fond of the couple and hints at a promotion to vice president if they were to have a baby. the next day, sylvia persuades jeanie that it is too dangerous to try blackmail in new york because of her record and agrees to go with her to florida. sylvia leaves a letter for joe explaining everything, ending with the admission "i love you". on the train, however, jeanie reveals that she divorced joe without his knowledge. sylvia gets off and rushes back to the apartment; joe has already read the letter and takes her in his arms.
corpus document577
the past of mary holmes
mary holmes (mackellar), once a famous opera star known as maria di nardi, now lives in a run-down shanty and suffers from alcoholism. known for her eccentric behavior, mary breeds geese, and is thus known in her neighborhood as 'the goose woman'. she blames her grown son geoffrey (linden) for the deterioration of her voice, and does everything to destroy his life. when geoffrey, who works as a commercial artist, announces to her that he will marry joan hoyt (arthur), an actress, she becomes torn with jealousy and threatens to reveal to joan that he is an illegitimate birth. not allowing his mother the satisfaction of destroying his life, geoffrey decides to break the news to joan himself. joan, who has just ended an affair with a womanizing theatre backer, g. k. ethridge (clement), calmly accepts his news and tells him that she wants to proceed their wedding plans. geoffrey then breaks ties with his mother and heads out to chicago, on an assignment. meanwhile, jacob riggs (simpson), a doorman at the ethridge theatre, shoots and kills his boss on the evening when he is awaiting his final rendezvous with joan, due to his constant affairs with innocent women. mary, who lives next to the place where the crime is committed, sees opportunity in getting recognition and fame as maria di nardi, after hearing the gunshots. she fabricates a sensational story for the press and media, unaware that her story implicates geoffrey as a prime suspect. following a drunken testimony by mary, geoffrey is indicted on circumstantial evidence by a grand jury. despite denying the testimony when she realizes what she is doing to geoffrey, he is found guilty and sent to jail, awaiting the death penalty. overcome with grief, mary uses joan's help to convince jacob to turn himself in for the crime. after successfully revealing him as the murderer, geoffrey is freed from jail and can finally mary joan. mary burns down her shanty as a symbolic gesture to leave behind her past, in order to join geoffrey and her daughter-in-law in a joyful future.
corpus document578
penthouse
attorney jack durant (warner baxter) successfully defends racketeer tony gaziotti (nat pendleton) against a high-profile murder charge and waives his fee. his staid law firm feels his taking the racketeer on as a client reflects badly on them; when he refuses to give up his exciting new line of work, they go their separate ways. his upper class girlfriend sue leonard (martha sleeper) turns down his proposal and breaks up with him for the same reason. shortly afterward, sue agrees to marry tom siddall (phillips holmes), but only if he gives up his mistress, mimi montagne (mae clarke). although tom offers mimi a generous settlement, she becomes furious. mimi quickly returns to her former lover, gangster jim crelliman (c. henry gordon). he has her get tom to meet her at a raucous party. after they go out on the balcony to talk, a shot is heard; the revelers find mimi dead, and tom with a revolver in his hand. a pawnbroker named levitoff tells the police that he sold tom the gun the same day. sue begs jack to defend tom. he agrees, even though he gets an anonymous phone call telling him to stay out of it. jack asks tony to find out what he can. tony introduces him to gertie waxted (myrna loy), who was mimi's friend and at the party. she tells him that she arrived after the murder, but he thinks she still may know something useful, so he invites her to spend the night in his suite. to her great surprise, however, he sleeps on the couch. the next morning, sue asks jack to drop the case because she has received a call threatening his life. when gertie appears in jack's robe, sue hastily departs, even though gertie tells her that jack is still in love with her. jack questions the pawnbroker without success. after he leaves, levitoff is murdered. jack goes to gertie's apartment (directly across from the murder scene) to get some clothes for her. crelliman shows up and offers him $200,000 to take a long vacation. when jack turns him down, crelliman threatens him. jack leaves and breaks into the apartment directly above gertie's, which he has learned belongs to murtoch (george e. stone), one of crelliman's gunmen. from the entry and exit wounds on mimi's body, he is sure the murderer was situated higher up; the angle from murtoch's window is about right. a helpful elevator operator warns jim that crelliman's men are waiting for him in the lobby and leads him to the service elevator. jack sees gertie in a club with murtoch and jumps to conclusions. when she returns to jack's apartment, he is mad until she tells him that she had to get murtoch out of his apartment so jack would not run into him when he broke in. he apologizes and admits he has fallen in love with her. he asks gertie to marry him, but they are interrupted by a phone call from tony, who has found out that crelliman has decided to have murtoch killed. jack takes along police lieutenant "steve" stevens (robert emmett o'connor) and several of his men to trick murtoch into confessing. gertie volunteers to lure crelliman out onto the roof of the other building. after capturing murtoch, jack tells him that they will frame him for crelliman's impending murder. murtoch eventually cracks and confesses. meanwhile, gertie tells crelliman that she frightened jack into accepting his offer, but he does not believe her and tells his men to take her "for a ride". jack and the police hear gunfire. when they rush over, they find crelliman and his henchmen all dead. gertie and tony are in the next room. tony saved gertie, but he himself collapses and dies from a gunshot wound. later, gertie is packing to leave, thinking that jack is getting back together with sue. he tells gertie that he wants to marry her and take her to europe. when she reminds him she is no lady, he tells her she will do until one comes along.
corpus document579
picture brides
four mail order brides from new orleans and a young girl conned into a non-existing job in brazil find adventure, danger and romance in the jungle.[2]
corpus document580
picture snatcher
after getting out of prison, danny kean (james cagney) shocks the gang he leads by quitting. he wants his first stint in jail to be his last, and he has always dreamed of becoming a newspaper reporter. he hands leadership over to jerry "the mug" (ralf harolde), even though he suspects jerry sold him out. al mclean (ralph bellamy), the city editor of the sleazy graphic news, had offered him a job when he got out, but when danny shows up, al is reluctant to take him on. just then, al's boss, grover (robert barrat), laments that nobody has gotten a photograph of hennessy (g. pat collins), a fireman who responded to a fire at the fireman's own house, found the dead bodies of his wife and her lover, and barricaded himself in the ruins with a gun. danny sneaks in, pretends to be an insurance adjuster to lull hennessy's suspicions, and steals his wedding picture. as a result, danny is made a staff photographer. when some journalism students take a tour of the graphic news (an example of everything not to do), danny is attracted to pat nolan (patricia ellis). she goes out on a date with him, much to the annoyance of "sob sister" reporter allison (alice white), who makes it quite clear that she wants danny too, though she is al's girlfriend. a complication arises when danny discovers that not only is pat's father, casey (robert emmett o'connor), a police lieutenant, but casey was the one who shot him (six times) and caught him. naturally, casey orders his daughter to stay away from danny. however, al gets him to change his mind by arranging for another newspaper to print a flattering story about him that gets him promoted to captain. when a woman is scheduled to be executed at sing sing, the graphic news is the only paper not invited. danny steals the invitation of another reporter, but finds that it is not transferable. however, captain nolan is in charge of the proceedings and lets him in. casey takes a picture of the woman in the electric chair using a hidden camera strapped to his ankle (echoing the real-life photo taken of murderer ruth snyder in 1928). the other reporters find out and inform the police. a wild car chase ensues, but danny delivers his prize to grover and is handsomely rewarded. the photograph is printed on the front page. however, pat breaks up with him after her father is demoted as a result. al arranges for danny to hide from the angry police at allison's apartment, as she will be out of town covering another story. she returns early and eagerly embraces an uninterested danny. al comes in at that moment, and danny loses his best friend. danny takes to drinking to drown his sorrows. al tracks him down and apologizes; he has found out about allison. al announces he has quit drinking (which had lost him jobs at all the respectable newspapers) and quit the news. they find out that jerry the mug has killed two policemen during a robbery and is the target of a massive manhunt. they realize that if danny can find him, the scoop will get them jobs at any paper. danny tracks jerry down and pretends to be on his side. the police find his hideout without danny's help, and a fierce shootout ensues. danny secretly takes photographs of jerry's last moments as he's being shot. when the police break in, danny claims that he was working undercover for nolan, which earns him a promotion back to captain. danny and pat are reunited, and the inside story is danny and al's passport to jobs on the daily record.
corpus document581
pleasure cruise
andrew poole (roland young) has lost his wealth in the depression. seeing his personal estate going under the auction hammer and with no immediate prospects, he plans to release his fiancée, shirley (genevieve tobin), from their engagement. instead, she insists that they marry immediately and subsist on her salary while he finishes a novel, and andrew accepts. a year later, she is involved with her work and he is a nagging househusband, consumed by jealousy of her life at the office. when matters come to a head, they agree to separate vacations. shirley departs on a cruise ship, and andrew furtively gets a job as the ship's barber in order to spy on (and disrupt) her dealings with other men. shirley enjoys a serious flirtation with passenger richard orloff (ralph forbes) and he asks her to leave her cabin unlocked for him on the night of a big party. tipsy, shirley accidentally leaves her door unlocked, so andrew ties orloff's cabin door shut and slips into his wife's room in the dark. the next morning she is mortified when orloff apologizes for having been unable to keep the tryst. she also finds her engraved cigarette case missing, and nervously eyes the cases of other passengers, wondering who was in her room. she decides to return home early, and orloff arrives at the pooles' home to visit a few moments before andrew, making for an awkward meeting, as the two had met on the ship. as orloff makes his excuses and departs, andrew flashes the cigarette case and all is made clear. shirley also catches a glimpse of the case, and- pretending to have known all along that andrew was on board- coyly advises her husband to knock the next time he enters a lady's room. with that, she disappears into her room, and andrew knocks.
corpus document582
primavera en otoño
agustina has been away at school when she returns home to madrid to see the mother she hasn't seen in over eight years. delighted at the visit, agustina's mother, elena, is dismayed at her daughter's conservative appearance. elena re-does agustina's dress, which agustina's boyfriend, manolo, disapproves of when he arrives the next day. when agustina's father enrique arrives to woo elena to return to him, he sees that the only way that manolo's parents will approve of his marriage to agustina is if he can remove agustina from elena's influence. he invites elena to return with him to his ranch, but elena wishes to remain in madrid and pursue her opera career. the two live apart so that enrique can see to his ranch while she pursues her career. agustina guilts her mother into going to the ranch, and the two, along with a coterie of elena's friends, as well as manolo, travel to visit enrique. the large group quickly makes themselves at home. as the group cavorts scantily clad outfits, manolo is angered by agustina's lack of decorum. agustina leaves in a huff, followed by a friend of her mother's, juan manuel, an attaché of the brazilian embassy in madrid. caught in a storm, the couple seeks shelter in the caretaker's cottage on enrique's farm. meanwhile, enrique orders elena's friends to leave his ranch, which they do, however elena begins to pack to follow them. when juan and agustina return to the main house, juan seeks out elena to tell her that he has fallen in love with her daughter. delighted at the news, she embraces him, which is seen by enrique, who gets the wrong impression and orders juan from his home. however juan returns the next morning and proposes to agustina, she accepts and the two leave on their way to juan's next post in tokyo. enrique, realizing his mistaken jealousy, chases after elena, who is about to board a steamship. knowing they love one another, but not knowing whether they should return to the ranch or to madrid, they flip a coin. when it lands in the water, they decide to split their time between the two.
corpus document583
private detective 62
in france, united states state department employee donald free (william powell) is caught trying to steal french state papers. free is released from his job and is deported. back in the us, free has a hard time finding another job due to the great depression. free convinces dan hogan (arthur hohl), the crooked and incompentent owner of the peerless detective agency, to partner with him. without free's knowledge, hogan becomes financed with gangster tony bandor (gordon westcott) and business booms. bandor complains that a society woman, janet reynolds (margaret lindsay), is winning too much at his gambling tables and hires hogan to find some scandal he can use to prevent her from collecting her winnings. hogan assigns free, without telling him the truth behind the request. but, while keeping an eye on janet, free falls in love with her. when janet informs bandor that she wants to collect her winnings, hogan suggests to bandor that they make janet think she has killed bandor under suspicious conditions. hogan then double-crosses bandor by hiring a thug to shoot him after janet leaves the apartment. janet not knowing what to do, asks free to help her. free learns the identity of bandor's actual killer and traces him back to hogan. meanwhile, hogan tries to blackmail janet. after free has hogan arrested, he is offered his old job again, but tells janet that it is not the sort of life he could ask anyone to share with him so he leaves. as he is leaving, janet proposes to him and he accepts.
corpus document584
the prizefighter and the lady
while working as a barroom bouncer, sailor steve morgan (max baer) impresses alcoholic ex-boxing manager "the professor" (walter huston) with his skills. the professor talks steve into entering a prize fight with an up-and-coming boxer to make money for both of them. while out training on the road, steve is nearly run over by a speeding car that crashes into a ditch. he carries nightclub singer belle mercer (myrna loy) out of the wreckage. though she is attracted to him, she refuses to have anything to do with steve. he learns where she lives and goes to see her anyway. he is too cocky to be concerned when she reveals that she is the girlfriend of well-known gangster willie ryan (otto kruger). when willie finds out, belle reassures him she is in control of her emotions. willie is not so certain about that, but is too shrewd to have steve killed out of hand by his bodyguard, whom he jokingly calls his "adopted son" (robert mcwade). it turns out that he had cause for concern; steve persuades belle to marry him. deeply in love with belle himself and still hoping to get her back, willie lets steve live. steve quickly rises through the boxing ranks. however, he cannot keep from fooling around with other women. when belle catches him in a lie, she tells him that she loves him, but if he cheats on her once more, she will leave him. while waiting for a bout for the heavyweight championship of the world, steve performs in a musical revue. when belle unexpectedly goes to his dressing room, she finds a woman hiding there. it is the end of their marriage. she gets her old job back with willie. anxious to see the overconfident steve humiliated, willie finds out what is holding up the match with the current champion, primo carnera (playing himself), and pays $25,000 to set it up. when the professor tries to get steve to train properly (without women and liquor), steve gets angry and slaps him, ending their partnership. the championship bout is refereed by boxing promoter and former champion jack dempsey (himself). belle, willie and the professor are all in attendance. for most of the ten-round fight, steve gets pummeled by the much heavier carnera. finally, a distraught belle urges the professor to forget his wounded pride and go to steve's corner to provide much needed advice. with his old friend and his ex-wife rooting him on, a heartened steve makes a furious comeback in the final rounds. the match ends in a draw; carnera retains his title. later, willie enters belle's nightclub dressing room and tells her she is fired. then he brings steve in and leaves the couple alone to reconcile.
corpus document585
professional sweetheart
glory eden (ginger rogers) is the "purity girl" of the ippsie wippsie hour radio program. the show's sponsor, sam ipswich (gregory ratoff), discovered the orphan and made her a star in three months. he needs her public image to match her pure radio persona to promote ippsie wippsie, "the washcloth of queens". however, glory longs to be a party girl, going out to nightclubs, drinking, dancing, meeting men and having a good time. all she can do is listen with envy to what her african-american maid vera (theresa harris) does in harlem after work. ipswich is anxious for her to sign a new contract, but she throws a tantrum and refuses, as it explicitly prohibits all the things she wants to do. along with everything else she has missed out on, she wants a sweetheart. speed dennis (frank mchugh), ipswich's press agent, considers this a great idea. he thinks the man should be "anglo-saxon" (to appeal to the corn belt), while herbert (franklin pangborn), glory's dressmaker, insists he be under 25. ipswich's secretary tells them that the "purest anglo-saxons" hail from the hills of kentucky, so glory picks a fan letter at random from those written by young kentucky men and ends up with 23-year-old jim davey (norman foster). she likes the enclosed photo of him. ipswich, speed and herbert want her to choose someone else, but when "sob sister" reporter elmerada de leon (zasu pitts) comes to interview glory, she spots the photo, so they have to play along. speed goes to kentucky and persuades the reluctant rural hick to accept a ten-day stay in new york. when he arrives, the press expects him to marry her, so speed prompts the bashful jim into romancing glory. the wedding is conducted on-air. kelsey (edgar kennedy) assigns o'connor (allen jenkins) to try steal glory away for his own radio program, sponsored by the kelsey dish rag company. o'connor offers jim help to slip away with glory for a private honeymoon in atlantic city, away from the press. naive, jim is stunned when he finds out that o'connor is doing all this just to get glory to sign with kelsey and that the marriage is just a publicity stunt. at first, jim insists that glory wants to retire from show business and settle down, but when she learns the kelsey contract has no restrictions on how she lives her life, she is eager to sign. jim decides to take matters into his own hands, taking his wife home to rural kentucky. at first, glory is miffed, but the couple settle their differences (after a spanking and a punch to the jaw). as they are settling into country life, speed arrives, but is unable to persuade glory to return. he comes up with an idea. he gets ipswich to let vera sing as the purity girl that night. his plan backfires. glory does become jealous, as he intended, but o'connor is present, and she signs his contract. when the couple go to new york, jim refuses to let his wife perform without him. speed has hired him for ippsie wippsie as a poet. to solve the problem, the two sponsors join forces, merging their companies to form ippsie-kelsey clothies, and have the young couple perform together.
corpus document586
queen christina
queen christina of sweden (greta garbo) is very devoted to her country and the welfare of her people. as queen, christina favors peace for sweden. at one point in the film, she argues for an end to the thirty years' war, saying: christina, who first took the throne at age six upon the death of her father in battle, is depicted as so devoted to both governing well and educating herself that she has spurned any kind of serious romance or marriage despite pressures from her councilors and court to marry her hero-cousin karl gustav (reginald owen) and produce an heir. one day, in an effort to escape the restrictions of her royal life, she sneaks out of town, disguised as a man, and ends up snowbound at an inn, where she has to share a bed with also stranded spanish envoy antonio (john gilbert) on his way to the capital. after befriending, and upon revealing that she is a woman, then sharing the same bed, the two fall in love; however, she still has not revealed that she is the queen. after a few idyllic nights together, christina and antonio are compelled to part, but christina promises to find him in stockholm – which she does, when the spaniard presents his embassy to the queen, whom he recognizes as his lover. antonio is angry as he has come to present an offer of marriage from the king of spain to queen christina and feels that his loyalty to the king has been compromised. she makes clear that she will not accept the king's proposal, and christina and antonio patch up their differences. when count magnus (ian keith), who wants the queen's affections for his own, riles up the people against the spaniard, christina abdicates the throne, nominating her cousin karl gustav as her successor while declining to marry him. she leaves sweden to catch up with don antonio who has just left for a neighboring country, but she finds him gravely wounded from a sword duel he had with magnus, which he lost. antonio dies in her arms. she resolves to proceed with her voyage to spain where she envisions residing in antonio's home on the white cliffs overlooking the sea.
corpus document587
rafter romance
mary carroll (ginger rogers) is a young woman from upstate who came to new york city to find a job and a career, but whose money has almost run out. both she and jack bacon (norman foster), an aspiring artist who lives in the same greenwich village building, are behind on their rent and their landlord, max eckbaum (george sidney), a good-natured soul who nevertheless has expenses to meet, comes up with a solution: move mary into jack's loft and have them share the apartment on a shift basis. they would never see each other or know who the other is, since jack is out all night and sleeps during the day, and mary is taking a job selling refrigerators by telephone, which keeps her out all day. however, both manage to get a very bad impression of each other after realizing the other is of the opposite sex from articles of clothing lying about. a series of misunderstandings leads to a series of pranks aimed at each other: jack places a bucket in the shower, and when mary goes in it falls on her head. then she places jack's suit in the shower, so that it gets wet. in retaliation, he saws mary's bed in half so that it would come apart when she sits on it. the situation gets complicated when the couple accidentally meet outside their apartment and, not knowing who the other is, begin to fall in love. matters get worse when mary's boss, lecherous h. harrington hubbell (robert benchley), tries to invite her out for dinner, while jack's would-be "patron", a lonely, libidinous, rich older woman, elise peabody willington smythe (laura hope crews), tries to maintain her monopoly over jack. when jack accompanies mary to a company picnic, they slip away from the group together and miss the bus back to town, forcing them to take a taxi. when they arrive at jack's home, mary realizes that jack is her roommate. trying to allay what he assumes are her suspicions about the arrangement, and unaware mary is the person with whom he has been sharing the attic loft, jack strongly denounces his co-tenant to her until the landlord comes and explains all. elise and hubbell also arrive at the apartment, where elise tries to bribe mary, while a protective cabdriver, fritzie (guinn williams), punches hubbell, mistaking him for jack. realizing his mistake, fritzie then goes to his cab where jack is pleading with mary. fritzie is about to punch jack when mary intervenes, and the cab drives off with jack and mary kissing in the backseat. asked if they will get married, the landlord says, "i arranged it."
corpus document588
roman scandals
when kind-hearted delivery boy and self-acclaimed authority on ancient rome eddie (eddie cantor) is thrown out of his home-town of west rome, oklahoma by scheming and corrupt politicians he protests that nothing of the sort would have been allowed to happen in ancient rome. on his way out of town he imagines that he is back in imperial rome, where he is sold in a slave market to good-natured tribune josephus (david manners). eddie soon discovers that roman society was just as corrupt as in his own town and when he decides to do something about it he becomes involved in court intrigue and a murder plot against the evil emperor valerius (edward arnold) himself.
corpus document589
sagebrush trail
sentenced for a murder he did not commit, john brant escapes from prison determined to find the real killer. by chance brant's narrow escape from lawmen is witnessed by joseph conlon who goes by the name of "jones". giving brant the name of "smith' conlon/jones gets him into his outlaw gang hiding out in an abandoned mine. brant attempts to disrupt the outlaw gang's robberies and comes closer to finding his man.
corpus document590
saturday's millions
jim fowler is western university's football hero and is constantly besieged by reporters. jim's father ezra comes to visit him and becomes reacquainted with an old western football chum, mr. chandler, who happens to be the father of jim's girlfriend joan. jim keeps his roommate, andy, busy by sending him to collect money on their laundry concessions business, even though andy is desperately trying to meet his girlfriend thelma, who has just come for a visit. when the coach tells chandler and fowler that jim is nervous and erratic, chandler invites jim to spend the night before the big game at his home. after-dinner conversation reveals that jim sees football as merely a business, and feels devalued by his popularity because he thinks people are only interested in him because of football, not for who he is. joan is disillusioned that jim treats football as a racket, and the fathers are disappointed because they sincerely love the game.
corpus document591
the secret of madame blanche
sally sanders (irene dunne) is an american showgirl visiting london in 1898 when she marries leonard st. john (phillips holmes), much to the displeasure of his wealthy and snobbish father, aubrey st. johns (lionel atwill), who cuts off his son. the couple moves to france. when leonard is unable to provide a living for his new bride and himself, he eventually goes home to his father asking for help. st. johns suggests that his son divorce his wife and keep her as a mistress, while marrying within his own class. he agrees to take his son back but only if he writes to sally ending the marriage. leonard, seeing no alternative, agrees. however, instead leonard provides him with a suicide note and shoots himself. when st. johns discovers that sally was carrying his grandson, he has her followed by a private detective in hopes of seizing custody of his only heir. when sally, saving to return to america, is reduced to singing in a french bordello, st. johns swiftly obtains a court order and seizes the infant while sally is at work. after being assured of her legal defeat, sally goes to st. johns pleading for the return of her son on any terms, and is rudely rebuffed, banned from all contact with the family, and threatened with prison if she persists. the child is to be raised with no contact with or knowledge of his mother. during world war i, leonard junior (douglas walton), now grown and in uniform as a british serviceman, visits the bordello with a date, hoping to obtain a room, which isn't available, and meets sally, with neither aware of the other's identity. when he becomes drunk and disorderly he is knocked unconscious and sally takes care of him, learning his identity from his date, whom she sends home with carfare. when leonard awakens, the two become acquainted and then friendly, and sally learns that her son was raised to despise women, including his mother, about whom he has heard only lies, including that she is dead. at this moment the enraged father of leonard's abandoned date arrives and forces his way into the closed establishment, intending to kill leonard. in the ensuing struggle leonard kills the man with sally's gun. she sends him away and confesses to the killing, without revealing her motive for helping him. st. john encourages his grandson to go along with the lie, expecting blackmail, but at sally's trial, as she pleads self-defense, he secretly recognizes her. the prosecutor then surprises everyone by debunking sally's confession and revealing sally's identity and motive for protecting leonard. mother and son are joyfully reunited as leonard confesses to being the real shooter and angrily renounces his grandfather. leonard is sentenced to two years in jail for the shooting, and when sally visits, the two plan their long-delayed trip to america as mother and son.
corpus document592
secret of the blue room
a woman's suitor challenges his two rivals to each spend a night in a room in which several murders occurred years before at 1 a.m. the suitor, tommy, sleeps there on the first night but disappears at 1 a.m. then the second man sleeps there on the second night. at 12:30 a.m, he starts playing the piano, but is shot half an hour later. as these events occur, a police investigation leads to several answers to several mysteries. on the fifth night, the third man sleeps in the blue room. however, he places a dummy in an armchair and conceals himself behind a coat. at 1 a.m, a revolver pokes round the door and fires at the dummy. the man and several police officers jump out of their hiding places. after a furious gunfight, the villain is apprehended and it turns out to be none other than tommy, the first suitor, who had ostensibly disappeared.
corpus document593
secrets
wealthy banker and shipowner william marlowe and his wife martha have their hearts set on marrying their daughter mary to english aristocrat lord hurley. however, mary has other ideas. she has fallen in love with john carlton, one of her father's clerks. when mr. marlowe finds out, he fires john. john decides to go west to make his fortune, then return for mary, but she insists on going with him. they elope. the couple settle in california and after a while, have a herd of cattle and a baby boy. while john and hired hand sunshine are away getting supplies, notorious outlaw jake houser and his gang show up and rustle the herd. john rounds up the other ranchers. they catch and hang three of the gang, including jake's brother, but jake gets away. vowing revenge, jake and his men attack the carlton home. fortunately, help arrives and the rustlers are wiped out. the baby succumbs to illness during the gunfight. years pass, and the carltons prosper greatly. four more children are born, and john runs for governor of the state. they host a party on the night before the election at their mansion. lolita martinez, john's lover, scandalizes everyone by showing up. in private, she insists that mary free john to marry her. mary agrees, but john spurns his mistress and begs his wife's forgiveness; she gives it on condition that he tell her about all his prior lovers. lolita makes public their affair, but john still wins the election. later, he becomes a senator, serving for thirty years in washington, d.c. before deciding to retire and move back to california. this puzzles the couple's grown children; mary explains that they want time for themselves, to enjoy secrets they can share with no one else. when their offspring still oppose their decision, the couple sneak away.
corpus document594
shanghai madness
after attacking and destroying a chinese outpost, an american officer is dismissed from the us navy and instead finds himself in charge of a gunboat and tries to prevent a mission being overrun by communist insurgents.
corpus document595
she done him wrong
the story is set in new york city in the 1890s. a bawdy singer, lady lou (mae west), works in the bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, gus jordan (noah beery), who has given her many diamonds. but lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. what she does not know is that gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds. he also sends young women to san francisco to be pickpockets. gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, russian rita (rafaela ottiano) and rita's lover, the suave sergei stanieff (gilbert roland). one of gus's rivals and former "friend" of lou's, named dan flynn (david landau), spends most of the movie dropping hints to lou that gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once gus is in jail. lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he'll see her jailed if she doesn't submit to him. a city mission (a thinly disguised salvation army) is located next door to the bar. its young director, captain cummings (cary grant), is in reality an undercover federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar. gus suspects nothing; he worries only that cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers. lou's former boyfriend, chick clark (owen moore), is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her. in his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer. warned that chick thinks she's betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him. all the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock. chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. she lies and claims she has been true to him. gus gives counterfeit money to rita and sergei to spend. chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. he comes into lou's room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her. lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number. after sergei gives lou a diamond pin belonging to rita, rita starts a fight with lou, who accidentally stabs her to death. lou calmly combs the dead woman's long hair to hide the fact rita is dead while the police search the room for chick clark. she has her bodyguard spider (dewey robinson), who "would do anything for you, lou" dispose of rita's body. she then tells spider to bring chick, who's hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs. then, while she sings "frankie and johnny", she silently signals to dan flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows chick is in there with a gun. chick shoots dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid. cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "the hawk", a well-known federal agent, as he arrests gus and sergei. chick, still lurking in lou's room, is about to kill lou for double-crossing him, when cummings also apprehends him. cummings then takes lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded. he tells her she doesn't belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger.
corpus document596
she had to say yes
sol glass (ferdinand gottschalk) owns a clothing manufacturing company struggling to survive in the midst of the great depression. like his competitors, glass employs "customer girls" to entertain out-of-town buyers. however, his clients have become tired of his hard-bitten "gold diggers" and have started taking their business elsewhere. tommy nelson (regis toomey), one of his salesmen, suggests that they use their stenographers instead. glass decides to give it a try. when buyer luther haines (hugh herbert) sees tommy's secretary and fiancee, florence "flo" denny (loretta young), he wants to take her out. however, tommy manages to steer him to the curvaceous birdie (suzanne kilborn) instead. later, with birdie sick, tommy reluctantly lets flo go on a date with another buyer, daniel "danny" drew (lyle talbot). they have a nice time together, but she is shocked when she finds out danny expects sex. a contrite danny apologizes and tells her that he has fallen in love with her. he has to go on a business trip, but telephones and writes to her regularly. meanwhile, flo's friend, fellow employee and roommate, maizee (winnie lightner), shows her that tommy is cheating on her with birdie. she ends their engagement. to keep her self-respect, flo tells glass that she will not go out with any more buyers. when he threatens to fire her, she quits. danny returns and takes flo to dinner. then, spotting haines at another table, he asks her to help convince the last holdout to a merger to sign an important contract, the biggest deal of his life. she is disappointed by his request, but agrees to do it. she goes to dinner with haines, but cleverly arranges with maizee to have haines' wife (helen ware) and daughter show up. haines has to go along with the pretense that he is conducting business, and signs the contract. when haines later complains about flo's methods, and claims that she and tommy are living together, daniel suspects that she is not as innocent as he believed, so he drives her out into the country to the mansion of his friends. nobody is home, but he coaxes her inside and tries to force himself on her. flo tries to get away, but finally stops resisting. however, when she asks him if that is all she means to him, danny stops before anything happens. she leaves, only to run into tommy, who had followed the couple. he also believes she is selling herself. danny, overhearing their conversation, realizes that flo is innocent, and forces tommy to apologize. danny begs her to marry him. after she whispers in his ear, he picks her up and carries her back into the mansion.
corpus document597
the silk express
donald kilgore is determined to take a shipment of silk from seattle to new york city by rail to break a monopoly set up by gangster wallace myton. also aboard the train are professor axel nyberg and his daughter paula. he is paralyzed (except for the use of his eyes) and needs an operation in new york urgently to save his life. myton has agents planted on the train to make sure the silk does not arrive in time. when kilgore's secretary is found murdered in a sealed railroad car, detective mcduff sees a chance to finally make a name for himself and insists the train remain where it is until he solves the crime. kilgore, however, has him knocked out, and the train proceeds at a record-setting pace. then clark, the conductor, is also killed. professor nyberg has seen something and knows who the killer is; he is finally able, by blinking once for "no" and twice for "yes", to let the others know. before he can reveal the murderer's identity, the train enters a tunnel. in the darkness, the criminal tries to silence him, but kilgore spots some movement in the unlit compartment and saves the professor's life. the killer and his accomplice draw their guns, but "tramp" rusty griffith turns out to be a lloyd's of london undercover investigator and bluffs them into surrendering their weapons. the train arrives at its destination in time.
corpus document598
the sin of nora moran
nora moran, a young woman with a difficult and tragic past, is sentenced to die for a murder that she did not commit. she could easily reveal the truth and save her own life, if only it would not damage the lives, careers and reputations of those whom she loves.
corpus document599
skyway
pilot "flash" norris (ray walker) is always getting into trouble with his fists, and his quick temper. his girl, lila, (kathryn crawford) tries to get him to simmer down; and, convinces her father to give him a job in his bank. when the bank won’t invest in his old friend, george taylor’s airline (george "gabby" hayes), flash quits the bank. but, when money goes missing, from the bank, it’s up to flash to prove his innocence, recover the money, and catch up with the bank’s vice president baker (jed prouty) and his girlfriend mazie (alice lake), before their ship takes them to a jurisdiction, without an extradition treaty. lila doesn’t give up hope, waiting for flash, and her ship to come in.
corpus document600
so this is africa
film studio "ultimate pictures" plans on producing an animal picture in africa. the studio gets the help of animal specialist mrs. johnson martini. there's just one problem: she's afraid of animals. martini and the studio soon learn of wilbur and alexander, a couple of down on their luck vaudevillians with a trained lion act. the duo agree to join martini on an expedition to africa. while there, the trio finds themselves captured by a tribe of violent amazons.
corpus document601
the solitaire man
after a job in monte carlo, an english jewel theft ring returns to paris. suave cat burglar oliver lane (herbert marshall), fashioned the "solitaire man" in the newspapers after seven years of eluding scotland yard, proposes marriage to his lovely accomplice helen (elizabeth allan) and informs her he has bought a country house in devonshire to which they can all retire. however unstable robert bascom (ralph forbes), drug-addicted after his experiences in the great war, also loves helen and wants to continue on his own. he presents oliver with the "brewster necklace" that he burgled from the british embassy while he dined there with his former colonel. realizing bascom would be the only suspect and his arrest would lead back to all of them, oliver returns the brewster necklace to the safe just as an inspector from scotland yard tracking the solitaire man arrives at the embassy. before oliver can make his escape, a second man sneaks in and steals the necklace but is interrupted by the inspector, who recognizes the thief but is shot and killed by him. oliver struggles in the dark with the killer during his getaway and grabs the necklace and part of the killer's watch chain. with bascom, helen and the elderly mrs. vail (may robson), the fourth member of the ring who poses as an impoverished british aristocrat in order to sell the stolen jewels to gullible american tourists, oliver hastily decides to fly to england. they are joined on the airplane by a garrulous, wealthy american socialite, mrs. hopkins (mary boland), and a last moment arrival in the form of an unknown englishman (lionel atwill). as the airplane is taking off, mrs. hopkins demands that the pilot stop to pick up her late-arriving husband elmer. although oliver's group is willing to oblige her, the other man insists that they continue, and the pilots refuse because of a heavy fog. the stranger identifies himself as inspector wallace of scotland yard and attempts to arrest oliver for being the solitaire man. when he demands at gunpoint to search oliver's luggage for the brewster necklace, the group disarms wallace, revealing their complicity, and oliver tells bascom to lock wallace in his own handcuffs. the passengers become aware that another plane is following them, which wallace claims is a french army plane he arranged as an escort in case they tried to land in france. convinced that wallace is what he claims to be, oliver offers to give himself up and turn over the necklace in exchange for the freedom of the others. when wallace is distracted by the offer, oliver turns off the plane's cabin lights to throw off the pursuing french plane in the fog. noticing that wallace is not really handcuffed, oliver asks him about how he knew oliver would be on the flight and accuses bascom of tipping off the police. bascom admits that he intended to betray oliver in his anger over helen but denies carrying out the scheme. oliver, however, realizes that bascom and wallace, who now claims to be a fast-thinking burglar himself, were in league to turn in oliver to collect a £10,000 reward for the solitaire man. he searches wallace and finds the letter bascom wrote telling the police about oliver's travel plans. overwhelmed by guilt, bascom jumps from the plane to his death. from the scotland yard-issue pistol wallace was carrying, oliver deduces that not only is wallace a crook, but he covers up his own crimes by being a police informant. helen notices that wallace's pocket watch has a broken chain, and oliver accuses wallace of being the murderer of the dead inspector. oliver again turns out the cabin lights and appears to have also jumped from the plane with the necklace, but when the lights are turned back on, he emerges from the cockpit. he agrees to give wallace the brewster necklace and confess falsely to the murder, returning the gun unloaded as part of the charade, if wallace tells scotland yard that the others had no part in any of the crimes. the plane lands in croydon and is boarded unexpectedly by police constables to detain the passengers for scotland yard. the "french army escort" lands immediately behind them and turns out to be only a plane hired by mrs. hopkins' husband elmer to bring him to england after he missed the flight. when wallace identifies himself as "inspector wallace" to the officers and tries to leave to "file his report," oliver insists that it is he who is the inspector and wallace the solitaire man to prevent it. the passengers are interrogated by inspector harris, who knows wallace (acidly reminding the informant that he is not a detective) and is the former partner of the murdered inspector. oliver tricks wallace into exposing himself as the jewel thief and the murderer. wallace tries to escape out a window using the gun but is shot by harris, who does not realize the gun is empty. oliver then reveals that when he went to the cockpit, he used the plane's radio to summon scotland yard to detain the arrivals. harris accepts mrs. hopkins' corroboration of oliver's explanation that he is only a legitimate jewelry dealer who offered to appraise the necklace when wallace had tried to sell it to her on the plane. oliver and helen head off to start new lives as a quiet, happily married devonshire couple.
corpus document602
the son of kong
the story picks up about a month after the dramatic finale of the previous film and follows the further adventures of filmmaker carl denham, now implicated in numerous lawsuits following the destruction brought by kong. carl denham leaves new york city with the captain of the venture, captain englehorn, who is certain it is just a matter of time before he is similarly served. their efforts to make money shipping cargo around the orient are less than successful. in the dutch port of dakang, carl denham is amused to see there is a "show" being presented, so he and captain englehorn attend. it turns out to be a series of performing monkeys, capped by a song ("runaway blues") sung by a young woman named hilda petersen. that night, hilda's father, who runs the show, stays up drinking with a norwegian skipper named nils helstrom, who had lost his ship under questionable circumstances. the two men fight and hilda's father is killed, their tent burns down and hilda releases all the monkeys. carl denham and englehorn run into helstrom, who was the man that sold carl denham the map to kong's island, and he convinces the two that there was a treasure on the island. carl denham and captain englehorn agree to go back and try to retrieve it. later, denham meets hilda while she is trying to recapture her monkeys and tries to cheer her up. despite her pleas, carl denham refuses to take her with him when he leaves dakang. shortly after they put out to sea, however, hilda is found stowing away on board. helstrom talks hilda into silence and incites a mutiny on board the venture, but the sailors want no more captains and throw him overboard alongside denham, englehorn, hilda and the cook, charlie. the five land on kong's island where they discover the natives blame carl denham for the destruction of their village and they are forced to move to a different part of the island. there, carl denham and hilda petersen meet and befriend an albino gorilla just over twice the height of a man. carl denham assumes the ape to be kong's son and names him "little kong". meanwhile, captain englehorn, charlie and helstrom are attacked by a styracosaurus which chases them into a cave. denham and hilda are attacked by a giant cave bear but little kong fights and fends it off by swinging a tree branch. carl denham bandages little kong's injured finger in return. despite the fact that helstrom made up his story out of desperation, carl denham finds an authentic treasure. shortly afterwards, little kong, carl denham and hilda petersen are attacked by a dragon-like nothosaurus which little kong kills, while helstrom tries to escape in the lifeboat but is killed by an elasmosaurus. hilda petersen, captain englehorn and charlie run to the lifeboat, but an earthquake strikes the island and it begins to sink into the ocean. little kong has his foot stuck on the top of a mountain of the island, and he sacrifices his life by saving carl denham by holding him above the water until he can be rescued. the film ends with carl denham and hilda petersen throwing their lot in together, as the treasure will make all four of them (including captain englehorn and charlie) wealthy.
corpus document603
sons of the desert
at a meeting of the sons of the desert, a fraternal lodge of which both stan laurel and oliver hardy are members, it has been decided that the organization will be holding its annual convention in chicago in a week and all members have to take an oath to attend. stan is reluctant to take the oath, but oliver goads him into it. later, on the way home, stan explains to oliver his reluctance to take the oath; he is worried that his wife betty will not let him go to the convention. oliver tries to reassure stan his wife has no choice but to let him go because he took a sacred oath. when they get home and stan accidentally brings up the subject of the convention, however, it turns out oliver's wife lottie will not let him go as they had already arranged a mountain trip together (which oliver had forgotten about). oliver tries to cover his embarrassment by remarking to stan that his wife is "only clowning", only for her to chuck a bowl at his head, followed by another one when he attempts to establish his authority as the boss of the house. unwilling to go back on the oath that he swore, but also unwilling to provoke further wrath from his wife, oliver feigns illness to get out of the trip with his wife. stan arranges for a doctor (actually a veterinarian) to prescribe an ocean voyage to honolulu, with their wives staying home (oliver is well aware how much ocean voyages disagree with his wife). stan and ollie go to the convention, with their wives none the wiser. of course, they have a close call while drinking with a fellow conventioneer when as a practical joke their friend "charley" calls his sister in los angeles... who turns out to be mrs. hardy! however, nothing comes of this. having tempted fate by deceiving their wives, however, one can hardly be surprised when fate is indeed tempted. while stan and ollie are en route home from chicago, their supposed ship arriving from honolulu sinks in a typhoon and the wives head to the shipping company's offices to find out any news about the survivors. at the same time, stan and ollie, blissfully unaware as of yet of the shipwreck, return home as though from honolulu (complete with leis, pineapples and a rousing ukulele song which, incidentally, had been part of the floor show entertainment at the chicago convention!) and are confused by the empty houses. while stan reads the paper, ollie suddenly catches sight the headline of their supposed ship's demise and immediately grasps its grisly implications. he reads it out to stan, who at first humorously remarks on what a good thing it was they didn't go to honolulu; then, when it finally sinks in, he goes into a tizzy. panic-stricken, knowing their wives will know right away they never went to honolulu and likely do them grievous bodily harm, they prepare to go to a hotel to spend the night, only to catch sight of their wives returning back home. they end up take refuge hastily in the attic and, as they can't escape, decide to camp out there. meanwhile, the wives go to the cinema to calm their rattled nerves...and what should they see but a newsreel of the convention in which their husbands act like complete hams for the cameras! furious at being deceived, they blame one another's wayward spouses, while betty, knowing stan lied for the first time ever to her, is still confident he will atone and confess, more than oliver will do. that outrages lottie to the point of proposing a challenge to see whose husband is the truthful one. as for the husbands, their camping in the attic starts out smoothly enough but is interrupted loudly enough as to attract the attention of the wives (prompting betty to investigate with her shotgun) and they manage to flee out of sight, escaping to the rooftop. when they cannot get back in, oliver sees this as their opportunity to follow their original plan of going to a hotel to pass the night. stan, however, wants to go back home and confess to his wife but oliver threatens, "if you go downstairs and spill the beans, i'll tell betty that i caught you smoking a cigarette!" they are about to make their way to a hotel to spend the night, but are stopped by a policeman who manages to get their home addresses from them thanks to stan. the wives notice them coming, but while lottie is all for shooting them the moment they walk through the door, betty reminds her of their little argument that needs to be settled. upon walking into the house, they tell the wives about the shipwreck. then, when asked about how the pair of them had managed to get home a day before the rescue ship carrying the survivors was due, their story begins to unravel; they say they jumped ship and "ship-hiked" their way home. then lottie looks oliver in the eye and asks him if his story is the truth. he insists it is; "it's too farfetched not to be the truth!" then betty asks stan if oliver's story is true. after a long silence stan eventually breaks down and tearfully confesses them going to the convention, despite oliver's previously mentioned threat. betty picks up her shotgun while stan continues whimpering and ominously says to her husband "come along, stanley.", highly implying that she is going to shoot him once they get home. after they leave, oliver is left to face his wife's wrath at being made a fool of twice by him, and after failed attempts to charm her with babyish mannerisms, audaciously suggests going on the mountain trip they arranged in the first place - the last straw. watched by her bemused husband, she empties the kitchen cupboards, piling up crockery. meanwhile, on the laurel's side of the house, stan is seen wrapped in a dressing gown on the sofa, sipping wine and eating chocolates, being pampered by betty, who relays the age old moral to him, "honesty is the best policy." stan agrees happily, as the sounds of hurled pieces of crockery start coming from the hardy side. lottie, in a livid frenzy, is throwing pots, pans and dishes at ollie. after the maelstrom stan arrives from next-door to compare notes, sees hardy sitting in the wreckage and tells ollie that his wife said that "honesty is the best politics!" stan puffs on a once-forbidden cigarette, and then goes out the door singing "honolulu baby". ollie vengefully hurls a pot at his head, upending him.
corpus document604
the sphinx
a man comes out of the office of "garfield investment company". he meets the janitor in the stairs and asks him for a match, and then what time it is. "it's nine" the italian-american janitor luigi bacciagalupi (luis alberni) answers and wants to know from which apartment he came out. the man leaves without answering. short after the janitor finds a dead man in the office of "garfield investment company". newspaperman burton (theodore newton) from the chronicle is there to talk with the inspector. before he can see him he talks with the watching police officer and after a while he realizes that the garfield investment company just that morning went bankrupt. "another broker went down the flush". the janitor recognizes on the police-records the man that came out from the office, mr. breed. during the trial he sticks to what he has seen and what he has heard, though two different doctors testify that mr. breed is deaf and mute since birth. young chronicle newspaperman jerry crane, in love with his good looking girl-colleague, has a feeling that breed is a strange guy and tries to convince her not to go for interview to his house. meantime a young broker tells him he has a hint, if he gets enough money for it. breed comes to see the young broker before at half past eight the burton comes to his house. a second time mr. breed asks for the time after seeing his victim. the puzzling case has the parallel love story of the two newspaper-people of the chronicle. while burton, that wants to marry crane, is skeptical about breed, crane is fascinated and dedicates him a series of articles. when inspector riley thinks he saw breed hearing the playing of the piano when they are in his house, the next morning a third dead man is on the list.
corpus document605
stage mother
four years after her vaudevillian husband's death, kitty lorraine, a frustrated former performer, marries comic ralph martin and returns to the stage, leaving behind her four-year-old daughter shirley with her former in-laws. fed up after ten years of ralph's drinking, kitty divorces him and sends for her now 14-year-old daughter. two years of training allows shirley to land a featured role in a touring music revue. upon shirley's return to new york city, kitty blackmails the revue's manager into breaking shirley's contract so she can take the starring role in a broadway revue. during tryouts in boston, shirley returns to her family home and meets warren foster, an artist now living there. she takes advantage of her mother's sudden illness to continue seeing warren, eventually staying the night with him. when kitty intercepts a love letter from warren to shirley, she blackmails warren's parents for $10,000. warren angrily denounces shirley. shirley next takes up with al dexter, a candidate for mayor. when his political operatives get wind of the relationship they pay kitty $25,000 to sail with shirley to europe. on-board ship, shirley meets lord reggie aylesworth. worried that the class-conscious reggie will abandon her, shirley denies that kitty is her mother, claiming she is merely a stage mother. reggie proposes and shirley accepts, blithely informing kitty both of the lie and that she will not be welcomed in her new home. a contrite kitty hands over another intercepted love letter from warren and gives shirley her blessing for a happy life.[1]
corpus document606
the story of temple drake
temple drake, a frivolous young woman from a prominent mississippi family, is raped and forced into prostitution by trigger, a backwoods bootlegger, after trigger shoots and kills a boy who tries to protect her. another backwoodsman is charged with the murder. when temple tries to leave trigger, he becomes angry and is apparently about to assault her, so she grabs his pistol and shoots him, then flees back home to her family. an idealistic lawyer eventually persuades temple to tell the truth about the first murder on the witness stand and save the defendant's life, even though her testimony will disgrace herself. according to pre-code scholar thomas doherty, the film implies that the deeds done to her are in recompense for her immorality in falling into a relationship with the gangster, instead of fleeing him.[2] the relatively upbeat ending of the film is in marked contrast to the ending of faulkner's novel sanctuary, in which temple perjures herself in court, resulting in the lynching of an innocent man.
corpus document607
supernatural
roma courtenay (carole lombard) is approached by phony psychic paul bavian (alan dinehart) who claims to have a message from courtenay's recently deceased brother. after attending a staged seance, roma suddenly becomes possessed by the malevolent spirit of the executed murderess ruth rogen (vivienne osborne), who has unfinished business, including killing bavian, her one-time lover. fearing that roma is actually under the charlatan's control, her fiancé (randolph scott) tries to rescue her. h.b. warner plays a scientist who is a friend of the courtenay family. at the film's beginning he visits the warden of the penitentiary where rogen is incarcerated. he tells the warden that violent crime always increases following the execution of a murderer, and he believes this is because some kind of malevolent spiritual influence is released after the killer dies. the warden agrees to give him rogen's body after the execution so that he can attempt to contain the evil force. roma becomes possessed by ruth rogen's spirit when she walks into the scientist's laboratory while he is experimenting with her body. just as she enters the room the corpse receives a jolt of electricity and the eyes flick open and make contact with roma.
corpus document608
sweepings
daniel pardway builds his chicago department store, the bazaar, from nothing into a major success, making him wealthy. after the birth of his fourth child, he is left widowed. he raises his three sons and one daughter the best he can, denying them nothing, dreaming of one day leaving his store in their hands. when they are all adults, he turns to each of his sons in turn (he dismisses his daughter because she is a girl), but all of them prove unwilling or unable to manage the store.
corpus document609
three-cornered moon
difficulties overtake a well-to-do family in new york when they lose all their money in the great crash of 1929.
corpus document610
three little pigs
practical pig, fiddler pig and fifer pig are three brothers who build their own houses with bricks, sticks and straw respectively. all three of them play a different kind of musical instrument – fifer pig "toots his flute, doesn't give a hoot and plays around all day," fiddler pig "with a hey diddle diddle, plays on his fiddle and dances all kinds of jigs" and practical pig is initially seen as working without rest. fifer and fiddler build their straw and stick houses with much ease and have fun all day. practical, on the other hand, "has no chance to sing and dance for work and play don't mix," focusing on building his strong brick house, but his two brothers poke fun at him. an angry practical warns them "you can play and laugh and fiddle. don't think you can make me sore. i'll be safe and you'll be sorry when the wolf comes through your door!" fifer and fiddler ignore him and continue to play, singing the now famous song "who's afraid of the big bad wolf?". as they are singing, the big bad wolf really comes by, at which point fifer and fiddler reveal they are in fact very afraid of the wolf. fifer and fiddler each retreat to their respective houses; the wolf first blows fifer's house down (except for the roof) with little resistance. fifer manages to escape and hides at fiddler's house. the wolf pretends to give up and go home, but returns disguised as an innocent sheep. the pigs see through the disguise ("not by the hair of our chinny-chin-chin! you can't fool us with that old sheep skin!"), whereupon the wolf blows fiddler's house down (except for the door). the two pigs manage to escape and hide at practical's house, who willingly gives his brothers refuge; in practical's house, it is revealed that his musical instrument is the piano. the wolf arrives disguised as a jewish peddler/fuller brush man to trick the pigs into letting him in, but fails. the wolf then tries to blow down the strong brick house (losing his clothing in the process), but is unable, all while a confident practical plays melodramatic piano music. finally, he attempts to enter the house through the chimney, but smart practical pig takes off the lid of a boiling pot filled with water (to which he adds turpentine) under the chimney, and the wolf falls right into it. shrieking in pain, the wolf runs away frantically, while the pigs sing "who's afraid of the big bad wolf?" again. practical then plays a trick by knocking on his piano, causing his brothers to think the wolf has returned and hide under practical's bed.
corpus document611
the thrill hunter
braggart buck crosby rescues movie star marjorie lane when her horse bolts during location shooting. she invites him to dinner, where he regales the film crew with tall tales of his exploits. when someone notices his resemblance to a noted car racer, he takes credit for that, too. after he leaves, he is attracted to a commotion in an isolated cabin. shots ring out, and he finds two men dead inside. they turn out to be members of the blake gang, which just pulled off a $100,000 gold robbery. buck finds a locket and keeps it, then claims the reward for shooting the two men. this latest exploit convinces director ed jackson to invite buck to go to hollywood and star opposite marjorie in her next picture. much to buck's dismay, jackson has believed his stories about being an expert driver and pilot. buck is expected to drive a high-powered car around an oval track and fly a biplane. after a hair-raising few minutes, he crashes the car. he then tries to learn how to fly overnight. however, he is spotted at an airplane simulator/ride by roy lang, assistant to studio producer sam levine. roy informs sam that buck is a fake. they rush out to the airport, but not in time. buck takes off, flies around, then crashes. when they pull him out of the wreckage unscathed, sam fires him on the spot. buck confesses and apologizes to marjorie, then hops on a freight train. when he gets off, two other riders take him at gunpoint back to the cabin where he found the bodies. they turn out to be al blake and lou norton, the other members of the blake gang. al wants the locket. it turns out the directions to where the gold is stashed are hidden in it. buck tells them he gave it to marjorie. they tie him up and go to the train station. as luck would have it, marjorie and her crew have returned to resume filming. the robbers kidnap marjorie. meanwhile, buck frees himself and spots them as they drive past. he steals an airplane, gives chase and shoots the two crooks from the air (just like he claimed he shot japanese officers in china). afterward, he tells marjorie he will never lie again. he soon starts to tell her another tall tale, but then sheepishly remembers his promise.
corpus document612
tillie and gus
tillie winterbottom (alison skipworth) has just lost her waterfront saloon in shanghai, china in a dice game, and her ex-husband gus (w.c. fields) is on trial for murder in lone gulch, alaska, when they each receive word that tillie's brother has died. gus escapes and the two reunite in seattle, then head for danville to investigate the dead man's estate and the possibility of an inheritance. local danville attorney phineas pratt (clarence wilson) claims the man died in debt, but he actually has swindled his daughter mary sheridan (julie bishop, billed under her real name, jacqueline wells) out of her rightful inheritance, including the family home, forcing her to move with her husband tom sheridan (phillip trent) and their infant son, king (baby leroy) to a dilapidated ferry called the fairy queen—supposedly the one item left of the estate. when tillie and gus arrive in danville, they are mistaken for missionaries newly returned from africa by their relatives. tillie plans to sell the boat and split the profits, but they become suspicious when pratt expresses an inordinate interest in acquiring the seemingly unseaworthy boat, and they decide to help mary and tom refurbish it. pratt, who has just purchased his own boat, the keystone, tries to eliminate the competition by convincing the state inspection board to deny the sheridans a ferry franchise. it is decided that the outcome of a fourth of july boat race will determine who is awarded the franchise. comic mayhem ensues when gus does everything in his power to sabotage their rival, ultimately coming out ahead in the end. tom tells gus, "that ferryboat race was the world's biggest gamble," to which gus replies, "well, don't forget, lady godiva put everything she had on a horse!"
corpus document613
to the last man
a feud between the colby and the hayden families, starts in the hills of kentucky and continues in the west after the american civil war. also involved is the conflict between vigilantism and the law in a frontier environment, and lovers from the two feuding families. at one point, one of the villains shoots the head off shirley temple's character's doll.
corpus document614
today we live
during world war i, diana "ann" boyce-smith (joan crawford) is an english girl living on her father's estate in kent. the estate is bought by a wealthy american, richard bogard (gary cooper), who seeks to move into his new property. right as bogard arrives, ann and the house's servants find out that her father has been killed in action, but ann projects calm and brave graciousness and moves to the guest cottage without complaint. bogard finds her strength attractive and quickly falls in love with her. meanwhile, her brother lt. ronnie boyce-smith (franchot tone) and lt. claude hope (robert young) are both british naval officers going off to fight in the war. ann believes she is love with claude, and consents to marry him. however, she soon realizes she is in true love when meeting bogard. though bogard originally proclaimed his neutrality and indifference to the war, he soon joins as a fighter pilot. ann goes to london, and though claude is unaware of diana's true feelings for bogard, ann admits her feelings for bogard to ronnie. ronnie advises her to tell claude the truth, but ann is intent on keeping her marriage pledge. then ronnie shows an announcement in the paper informing her that bogard was reported dead during a training accident. however, there had been a mistake, and bogard comes back unharmed. though she is happy to see him, she disappears soon after he arrives. bogard comes across a drunken claude in a bar and takes him home—a home he shares with ann. bogard becomes jealous, and a rivalry for ann develops between bogard and claude. claude agrees to accompany bogard on an air fight, and bogard is surprised by claude's expert shooting. bogard takes a turn at claude's shift on a boat, and claude is blinded when hand-launching a torpedo against a german battleship. ann learns of claude's blindness and says a final goodbye to bogard, but he realizes diana and bogard's true feelings for one another. diana feels it is her duty to care for claude, and when an aerial suicide mission comes up, all three men participate, with the outcome being that both claude and ronnie die in action, although their boat successfully makes a torpedo run. their sacrifice allows bogard to survive, and although diana is sad to lose both ronnie and claude, she and bogard are reunited.
corpus document615
tomorrow at seven
a man unveils a valuable painting he picked up for $50,000 and is killed. a card with a large black ace (of spades) is put on his chest. another “black ace” victim. the killer sends his victims a black ace card, warning them they are to die and then kills them, his way of taunting the police. neil broderick, an author, intends writing a book about him and is on his way to see thornton drake to get more information about him. austin winters is his secretary and neil met his daughter martha on the train, on the way to chicago. drake has just received a black ace, with the words: “at seven tomorrow night”, the time he is to be killed. two plainclothes cops arrive from police headquarters, having had a call, clancy and dugan (both incompetents). martha suggests that they leave for drake’s louisiana plantation tomorrow morning and be far away from there at seven tomorrow night. drake agrees and suggests they all go. on the flight, the lights go off for some seconds and when they come on again, austin winters is dead without a mark on him. at the plantation, clancy ineptly questions the suspects till neil points out that they are now in another state, so out of their jurisdiction. neil goes to another room and makes a phone call, then signals to someone outside. after he finishes his call, the line is cut. meanwhile one of the pilots has taken off in the plane, leaving the other pilot, henderson, behind who claims he does not know anything though he was out of the cockpit when winters was killed. the coroner finds a letter on the dead man which is to be read if winters dies. it will reveal the identity of the black ace. clancy starts reading it aloud and unsurprisingly the lights go off and the letter has vanished when the lights are turned on again. people locked in their rooms that night and neil has a hidden car outside signal to him. later that night, the coroner turns up, the real one. neil goes to martha’s room and asks her what she did with the letter, guessing that she had taken it because was afraid her father might implicate himself with the black ace. the letter is gone from where she hid it and all there is, is two sheets of plain paper and a black ace card. clancy and dugan appear and blame neil. clancy and neil at gunpoint go to drake’s room and while clancy is hurling accusations, there is a groan from next door and they find a dead man there (henderson). a search of neil reveals he has a skeleton key so might have been able to enter the dead man’s room. downstairs, dugan has been talking to martha with his back to her, turns and sees she has gone (a mysterious hand reached out for her only moments before). the housekeeper (mrs quincy) is seen leading the fake coroner (jerry simons) who is carrying martha. drake left with neil threatens him with a gun, demanding winters’ confession but neil has signalled simons (of the bureau of criminal investigations) who disarms drake who has winters’ confession implicating him. however, the gardener (pompey) comes into the room with a gun in his hand and now the villains have the upper hand till there is a knock at just the right moment. two fights ensue. in trying to kill simons, pompey kills drake with the hidden spike in the walking stick. pompey is subdued and the two cops arrive to take the credit.
corpus document616
too much harmony
a backstage musical about a broadway star, eddie bronson, who is stranded with his plane in ohio where he discovers a small-time variety act, dixon and day and their assistant ruth who is also ben day's fiancée. when he returns to new york following a try-out of a new show, bronson arranges for the irascible producer, max merlin, to put them in the show and the story develops around the mutual interest which grows between eddie and ruth. at a party bronson sings 'the day you came along' and his own fiancée, lucille, is jealous of his attentions to ruth. rehearsals of the show prove to be disappointing but eddie encourages ruth and they sing 'thanks'. ben decides to give up ruth so that she can marry eddie but lucille will not release eddie. ben, with johnny's help, masquerades as a tobacco millionaire, charles w. beaumont jr., and pretends to be infatuated with lucille who, in her enthusiasm to obtain a millionaire husband, abandons eddie and tells him she is breaking the engagement which, of course, has the desired effect of leaving him free to marry ruth. the opening night is a huge success; the show includes a spectacular production number, 'black moonlight', sung by one of the leading ladies standing on a bridge while dancers perform on a huge draped drum. other featured numbers are dixon and day's 'the kelly's and the cohen's', 'cradle me with a 'hocha' lullaby', 'boo-boo-boo' and the finale 'buckin' the wind'. the song 'i guess it had to be that way' was omitted from the released print of the film. sam coslow and arthur johnston also wrote 'two aristocrats' for this film but it was not used. kitty kelly is seen singing 'black moonlight' but the dubbed voice was actually that of barbara van brunt. although crosby did not sing it in the film, and it may not have been the most tuneful of songs, his commercial recording is a prime example of his singing and style at that period.[1]
corpus document617
topaze
prof. auguste a. topaze (john barrymore), an honest, naive chemist and schoolteacher at the stegg academy in paris, loses his job when he refuses to accede to a demand by the baroness de la tour-la tour to alter the grades of her bratty son, charlemagne. on the same day, friday the 13th, topaze calls on the baron de la tour-la tour's mistress, coco (myrna loy), who is looking for a tutor for her sister's son, alphonse, and had gotten topaze's name from la tour. upon meeting and listening to the sincere remarks of topaze, the baron, head of the la tour chemical works, decides to employ him as a scientific front for his phony curative water. after an encounter at a cafe, where the baron narrowly avoids a scene with his wife by calling coco "madame topaze", coco reveals the true nature of her relation to the baron to the naive professor. when they arrive late back to coco's apartment, the baron is jealous, but soon realizes topaze is entirely innocent. unaware that the water, "sparkling topaze," which is being sold all over paris, does not contain the medicinal formula he invented for it, topaze is shocked when dr. bomb (who had turned down the "honor" of having the fradulent water named for him) shows up, demanding 100,000 francs from the baron or he will expose the fradulent product. but the baron blackmails him in return with information about his previous identity, and bomb is dragged out. after confirming for himself, in the lab and in a local restaurant, that "sparkling topaze" is in fact phony, a dazed topaze returns to coco's apartment the next morning, where coco fusses over him. at first, he is ready to be arrested, but the men who are shown in are instead a delegation from the bureau of awards and merits, who award him the academic palms. all are friends and business associates of the baron, and the scales begin to fall from professor topaze's eyes. his naivete thoroughly destroyed, declaring "topaze lies dead in an alley", topaze decides to fight back by becoming more corrupt than his mentors. he remakes his image and, with bomb as his assistant, he opens his own office, where he makes dignitaries wait to see him. one is dr. stegg, who now wants topaze to preside at the graduation at the school. topaze succeeds in blackmailing the baron into a partnership in his company with a complete account of his relationship with coco, which he threatens to show to the baroness, whose name the shares in the company are in. at the stegg academy graduation, topaze, who has also garnered the romantic attention of coco, is to distribute the prize, which he is told is to go to his former nemesis, charlemagne de la tour-la tour. he gives a little speech about his experiences in the great world, that honesty isn't always rewarded and that villainy often receives more applause than virtue. declaring that he will not reward wrongdoers, he shows up charlemagne's ignorance relative to all his classmates, then awards the prize to them instead. he is last seen escorting coco into the cinema.
corpus document618
turn back the clock
on march 23, 1933, middle-aged cigar store owner joe gimlet (lee tracy) runs into his childhood friend, banker ted wright (otto kruger). while having dinner with joe and his wife mary, ted asks the couple to invest $4,000 in his company. joe is excited by the idea, but mary refuses to part with their savings. angered by her reluctance, joe gets drunk and declares to mary that he should have married the wealthy elvina. drunkenly leaving their apartment, he is hit by a car and is brought to a hospital for surgery. joe wakes to discover that he is a young man again. after scaring his mother (clara blandick) with talk of the future, and after having to face the doctor who asks him if he wants to go crazy like his father, he decides to keep his past life to himself. going to his job as a soda jerk, he meets elvina (peggy shannon). they soon become engaged. the engagement announcement crushes joe's girlfriend, mary, and his mother, who reminds him that money does not buy happiness. after the wedding, joe becomes rich due to his knowledge of the future. meanwhile, mary and ted, joe’s old friend, get married. remembering the post war problems, joe pledges one million dollars to help returning vets. his wife is enraged, but president woodrow wilson hails joe as a hero and nominates him as the head of the war industry. elvina openly mocks him, but they refuse to divorce to avoid scandal. years pass and in 1929 joe goes into the cigar store and sees ted working there. at dinner with ted and mary, joe offers ted the chance to invest $4,000 in a venture. mary approves the idea, because she believes in joe. the venture does not go forward because joe is ruined by the stock market crash, due to elvina having invested their common savings in the stock market through a broker instead of putting it in a trust fund as joe had told her to do. joe divorces elvina, telling her that this time they are really washed up. his bank employees plunder the bank and joe is to be held responsible. it is now march 6, 1933, the date of the car accident. joe must now live his life with no knowledge of the future. he flees, and finding mary, begs her to run away with him. mary tells him she cannot leave her husband. joe is pursued by a horde of police officers and brought into custody. at that moment, he wakes up in the hospital room with his life returned as it was. he tells mary he wouldn’t change a thing about their life together.
corpus document619
under the tonto rim
a complete failure as a ranch cowhand and then a chuckwagon driver, tonto daley's embarrassment is total after accidentally causing a wagon to tip over and his boss's daughter nina weston to fall into a creek. tonto hits the trail with his tail between his legs, taking a job from porky and tom to become a hog farmer. he is miserable and lonely, and things get worse when former foreman munther tries to railroad tonto in the rustling of some cattle. he finds out porky and tom are in on it, and nina becomes tonto's ally in the fight to make things right.
corpus document620
voltaire
in pre-revolutionary france, voltaire champions the oppressed commoners and tries to warn king louis xv (reginald owen) about the growing unrest among his subjects. the writer has a powerful ally in madame pompadour (doris kenyon), louis' mistress, but the count de sarnac (alan mowbray) opposes him for his own ends. when voltaire pleads for the life of calas, unjustly accused of treason, louis is inclined to pardon the man, but sarnac persuades him that it would be a sign of weakness, and calas is swiftly executed. as a reward, sarnac gains the wealthy man's estates. voltaire invites calas' daughter and rightful heiress, nanette (margaret lindsay), to shelter in his home. meanwhile, sarnac tries to persuade the king that voltaire is a traitor, citing his well-known friendship with frederick the great and claiming that it is he who is betraying french secrets to the prussian ruler. louis is not entirely convinced, but does banish voltaire from his royal court at versailles. as a result, madame pompadour becomes reluctant to aid voltaire further, until he arranges it so that she can overhear from sarnac's own lips his ambition to replace her as louis' paramount adviser. then, she persuades the king to allow voltaire to stage a new play at versailles. the production is a thinly disguised portrayal of calas' execution and the aftermath transposed to an exotic setting. voltaire hopes to open the king's eyes to his danger. voltaire recruits nanette to portray the part of herself. the king is sympathetic to the theatrical nanette's plight, not recognizing himself as her despised oppressor until sarnac points it out. then louis orders the play stopped before the explanatory final scene and orders that voltaire be sent to the bastille. however, hearing of a rich present given to sarnac by frederick, voltaire unmasks the count as the real traitor. sarnac is arrested, and nanette's estates are restored to her.
corpus document621
the warrior's husband
in pontus, the land of the amazons, the gender roles and natures are completely reversed. women are the strong sex, thanks to the sacred girdle of the goddess diana (roman names are used). it is in the care of queen hippolyta and her sister antiope (in the 1932 production played by katharine hepburn), the commander of the female armed forces. the men stay at home and take care of the children. only sapiens, the new husband of queen hippolyta, advocates men's rights. just like the relationships are reversed, so too are the greeks for the amazons a legendary race that probably doesn't exist, instead of the other way around. this is about to change when two greeks come to court to announce that hercules needs to get the girdle of diana to complete his twelve labours. in reality, hercules may not be much of a threat, but his friend theseus certainly is. meanwhile, sapiens, using his male wiles, is secretly trying to wreck the amazon's defense from within. eventually he manages to capture hercules, and let him escape with the girdle. without it, the amazons lose the battle and the gender dynamic shifts to roles matching the social mores of the 1930s.
corpus document622
what! no beer?
elmer j. butts, taxidermist, goes to a dry rally, where he follows the beautiful hortense and her gangster boyfriend butch laredo into the meeting hall. he sits by hortense, only to be thrown out after the speaker asks if they want liquor back in this country, and he calls out “yes!” the next day, jimmy potts, driving a car covered in pro-booze stickers, brings a fish to elmer’s shop for stuffing. it's election day, and there's a referendum on prohibition on the ballot. jimmy convinces elmer to vote wet, and they go to the polls only to cause confusion and collapse the booths. later, at jimmy’s barbershop, the radio reports that the country has voted to repeal prohibition. at a hotel, a group of spike moran’s gangsters realize that their bootlegging operation is washed up. they wonder what butch will do. at butch’s place, hortense asks if this means that she can’t have her rolls royce town car. butch tells her she’ll be lucky to have a wheelbarrow, and he shoots the radio. back at the barbershop, jimmy breaks off of the celebratory conga line to tell elmer his million dollar idea: buying a brewery. elmer wants to be rich, too, so he can marry – and he has $10,000 hidden in his stuffed animals. they collect the money and take it to the president of the bank that foreclosed on the local brewery. jimmy’s offer of $10,000 cash plus $5,00 a month is quickly accepted. elmer and jimmy arrive at the brewery, toting bags of supplies. they find three unemployed homeless men there, and they hire them. after dousing themselves with an unpredictable water hose, they assemble the ingredients for a five gallon batch of beer in the huge tank. it only makes a small puddle at the bottom of the tank. they realize that they need 500 gallons, so after donning raincoats, they start work. later, they open the vat. suds bubble up over the top. they bottle as much as the can, having several mishaps with exploding bottles and foam piling up over their heads. they put up a sign: “real beer – 5 cents” and wait for customers. instead the cops come in and raid them. the vote didn’t repeal prohibition, it was only advisory. in court, the judge reads the charges and jimmy protests that it’s persecution, but the chemist reports that it wasn’t beer, it was only brown dishwater. on the stoop outside the brewery, jimmy consoles elmer on the loss of his nest egg. jimmy goes in and talks to the workers, and one, schultz, reveals that he’s a master brewer. to make back elmer’s money, jimmy decides to make real beer and tell elmer that it's near beer. weeks later, spike and butch meet to discuss who's cut in on their racket. butch vows to kill him. spike and an associate interrupt elmer, who’s reading a book: modern salesmanship and big business. spike offers to buy 1,000 barrels a day, and gives elmer $10,000 down payment. full of the advice from the book, elmer agrees. spike says that his partners stay partners as long as they live, and he leaves. elmer tells the three workers that they need to increase production, then goes to the state employment bureau for 50 more men. after they start work, jimmy comes in and learns about the contract; he has a meltdown. he puts the $10,000 in his overcoat pocket, which he hangs on the office coat rack, and leaves. hortense drives up and pretends to twist her ankle, so elmer must rescue her and carry her to the office. after she fakes a faint, he douses her with water, so she takes off her dress and puts on jimmy's overcoat. she vamps elmer until he mentions that spike is their partner. having learned what she came for, she leaves. jimmy comes in, looking for his overcoat. elmer tells him that hortense has it. when jimmy tells him about the money, elmer doesn't mind: she’s the girl for whom he wants to make a million. hortense tells butch that spike is working with the brewers. when the $10,000 falls out of the coat, butch calls her a tramp and hits her. she calls elmer and he asks about the money. she denies seeing it, but he tells her to keep it and buy herself a rolls. he asks her out on a walk in the park the next day. she's appalled. at spike’s office, two men say that butch threatened to kill them if they picked up the beer. elmer volunteered to deliver it. at the brewery, elmer drives the truck away and down the street. butch’s men decide to kill him at the top of a hill, but the trucks’ tire blows out halfway up, and the barrels fall off of the back and chase the gangsters away. jimmy arrives, and elmer mourns the loss of the near beer. jimmy explains that it was real beer, and they’re involved with gangsters. elmer won't leave town, because he’s got a date at the park. hortense and elmer picnic, until a paperboy calls out the news: there’s a new gang war. hortense kisses elmer, sending him into the pond, and leaves. at the brewery, jimmy learns that butch killed spike. butch arrives and announces that now he’s their partner. elmer comes in and tells them that hortense loves him, but butch asks “does she?” meanwhile, the cops are planning to raid the brewery. back at the brewery office, hortense intercepts a man who’s going to tell butch about the raid. on the brewery floor, butch orders that no one may come in or out, and he posts guards on all of the doors. while giving elmer the brush-off, hortense slips him a note about the raid. elmer escapes in a barrel, grabs a blackboard, and drives away. he shows what he's written on the board to everyone on the street: free beer at the brewery. the factory is mobbed, and by the time the police arrive, there’s no beer left. later, a senator speaks to congress, telling the story of a town in his state where the gangsters were put out of business when the people stormed the brewery. he calls for an end to prohibition. after the headline “beer legalized”, crowds cheer, grain gets harvested, and beer gets made and delivered. at butt's beer garden, elmer and jimmy arrive in an open car. jimmy offers free beer, and the two get mobbed for autographs. the crowd steals their clothes, too. hortense joins and asks if elmer is hurt – he isn't. jimmy, holding a frosty brew aloft, addresses the camera: “it's your turn next folks. it won't be long now.” he blows off the head and chugs some down.
corpus document623
when ladies meet
mary (myrna loy), a writer working on a novel about a love triangle, is attracted to her publisher (frank morgan). her suitor jimmie (robert montgomery) is determined to break them up. he introduces mary to the publisher's wife (ann harding) without telling mary who she is.
corpus document624
the white sister
italian aristocrat angela chiaromonte (helen hayes) spurns the potential husband chosen by her father (lewis stone) in favor of giovanni severi (clark gable), a handsome army lieutenant. when her lover is reported killed in world war i, hayes renounces the world to become a nun. after she takes her vows, the lieutenant shows up very much alive. he implores her to give up the order, but she refuses. the lieutenant is later injured in a bombing raid; he dies, with angela lovingly at his side.
corpus document625
wild boys of the road
tommy gordon (edwin phillips) tells his friend eddie smith (frankie darro) that he is going to drop out of high school to look for work to help support his struggling family. eddie offers to speak to his father (grant mitchell) about getting him a job, only to discover that his father has himself just lost his own. eddie sells his beloved car and gives the money to his father, but when his father remains unemployed, the bills keep piling up, and the family is threatened with eviction. eddie and tommy decide to leave home to ease the burden on their families. they board a freight train, where they meet sally (dorothy coonan), another teenager, who is hoping her aunt in chicago can put her up for a while. more and more teens hop aboard the train. when they reach chicago, they are met by the police. most of the transients are sent to detention, but sally has a letter from her aunt, so they let her through. she claims her companions are her cousins; the kindly policeman is skeptical, but lets them go. sally's aunt carrie (minna gombell) welcomes all three into her apartment. however, before they even have a chance to eat, the place is raided by the police. the trio hastily depart and continue heading east. nearing cleveland, one girl, caught alone, is raped by the train brakeman (an uncredited ward bond). when the others find out, they start punching the assailant. by accident, the brakeman falls out of the train to his death. a little later, as the train approaches the city, everyone jumps off. tommy hits his head on a switch and falls across the track in front of an oncoming train. he crawls desperately towards safety, but his foot gets mangled and his leg has to be amputated. they live in "sewer pipe city" for a while, until the city authorities decide to shut it down, in part due to eddie's theft of a prosthetic leg for tommy. finally, the three end up living in the new york municipal dump. eddie finally lands a job, but needs to find $3 to pay for a coat he has to have. they panhandle to raise the money. when two men offer eddie $5 to deliver a note to a movie theater cashier across the street, he jumps at the chance. the note turns out to be a demand for money. eddie is arrested, and the other two are taken in as well when they protest. the judge (robert barrat) cannot get any information out of them, particularly about their parents. however, eddie's embittered speech moves him. he promises to get eddie's job back for him and dismisses the charges. he also assures them that their parents will be back to work soon.
corpus document626
the working man
successful shoe manufacturer john reeves is annoyed with his staff, particularly his conceited nephew and company general manager benjamin burnett (who considers himself the driving force behind the firm), because they are losing ground to their longtime chief rival, headed by former best friend tom hartland. the two men had had a falling out after falling in love with the same woman; she married hartland, and reeves remained a bachelor. nevertheless, reeves is saddened to learn of hartland's death. when benjamin begins to muse that his uncle has started down the road to senility, reeves decides to teach him a lesson. he heads off on a fishing vacation in maine, leaving his nephew to deal with the business situation by himself. by chance, a large yacht moors near his fishing boat. jenny and tommy hartland, the party-loving offspring and heirs of tom hartland, swim over to see if anyone can supply them with liquor, reeves is a little disgusted with their idle ways. hiding his identity and calling himself john walton, he befriends them in order to do a little spying on their company. however, as he gets to know them better, he begins to like them. they take him along with them back to new york, as they are responsible for his minor injury. "walton" gets them to take him on a tour of their plant, which he discovers is being deliberately mismanaged by fred pettison. he figures out that pettison is driving it into bankruptcy so he can buy it cheaply later. reeves persuades tommy to have him appointed a trustee of the hartland estate. tommy and jenny expect him to do away with the restraints imposed upon them. when two other trustees express their concern about the fisherman's qualifications, reeves reveals his identity and the fact that he has grown fond of the young people who, if things had turned out differently, could have been his own children. once he becomes a trustee, he starts making wholesale changes, on both the domestic and business side. he quickly discharges most of the household servants, as the estate is nearly depleted, forcing jenny and tommy to mature quickly. pettison is also fired. tommy begins working at his own company, while his sister, anxious to find out why their shoes are less popular than those manufactured by reeves, takes a filing job with the rival company under the alias jane grey. she finds herself attracted to benjamin. when benjamin summons her to his office to fire her for her total lack of business skills, he finds her very attractive. upon learning the news, she starts crying, and benjamin reconsiders his decision. in the end, he reassigns her to work in his private office. meanwhile, reeves has revitalized the hartland shoe company, and it start making serious inroads into reeves company territory. benjamin is puzzled, as the methods used by hartland seem strikingly similar to those employed by reeves. when pettison shows up in benjamin's office, looking for a job, he sees jane. she begs him to keep her secret, but he tells benjamin who she really is and lies, accusing her of spying on the company. this ends their budding romance. in the end, benjamin insists on meeting "john walton", and reeves has to reveal his true identity to the hartlands. once they get over the shock, and reeves informs his nephew that jenny was not a spy, the young couple reconcile. all agree to reeves' proposal that the two companies merge.
corpus document627
zoo in budapest
flamboyant zani (gene raymond) is a kindly young man who grew up entirely and works in the zoo in budapest. his only true friends are the zoo's animals, and indeed zani (gene raymond) has been chastised by his boss for being too nice to them. from the fashionable women visitors who wear them, zani steals their animal furs. while hiding out, zani meets eve (loretta young), a young and beautiful orphan girl. eve must somehow escape from her strict orphan school, since she is faced with the prospect of being forced to work as an indentured servant (more like a slave) until she grows up. zani and eve together hide overnight in the zoo. dr. grunbaum (o.p. heggie), the zoo director, is forced to organize a search party. zani proves too elusive and harbors eve in a bear cave. when evil zookeeper heinie discovers them, zani saves eve from vicious attack. more scuffles result in crisis when dangerous animals become freed from their cages. the resourceful zani brings pacification and redeems himself by saving a young child from a hungry tiger.
corpus document628
the affairs of cellini
both the duke and duchess have an eye for beauty and other partners. the duke presently fancies a young woman who poses as an artist's model. the duchess has her eye on the famous artist, benvenuto cellini, who is in the palace making a set of gold plates to be used at ducal banquets. cellini purportedly hypnotizes young women, and cuckolds the duke of florence. the somewhat oblivious duke is loath to punish the young man, for cellini fashions gold wares for him, but throws him into the torture chamber. however, a goblet of poisoned wine solves the problem.
corpus document629
affairs of a gentleman
the gentleman of the title is victor gresham, a popular novelist. he has loved many women, and has been loved back by many of them. several of these ladies have left the domestic security provided by their husbands in order to further pursue a relationship with gresham, despite gresham's own advise to the contrary. as his lovers compete over him, gresham uses his love life as inspiration for a series of cynical novels.[4] each of his novels described the events of one of his love affairs.[5] early in the film, gresham is found dead in his own writing desk. the rest of the film explores the events which led to his death, covering the last twelve hours in gresham's life.[6] gresham dies in new york city, while working on his latest novel, called frailty. there is a note with gresham's signature nearby, which suggests that the novelist committed suicide. however, inspector quillan, who investigates the death, suspects murder to be more likely. gresham's former lovers are now suspects and six of these women are found to have been present at gresham's apartment, the night before his death.[7] the circumstances of their presence are soon explained. one of the women, carlotta barbe, had organized a surprise party for gresham. she invited the muses of gresham's novels to attend. gail melville attended the party to officially end her relationship with gresham, before marrying her fiancé. gladys durland had been gresham's lover for two years, and attended the party to explain her plans to finally leave her husband. foxey dennison is also married, but still wanted to have an affair with gresham. nan fitzerald was the inspiration for gresham's first novel and wanted to see him again.[8] the sixth woman at the party, jean sinclair, was apparently never gresham's lover. sinclair is a female illustrator, and her relationship with him was professional. she hoped to illustrate frailty, once the novel was finished. she arrived at the party with carter vaughan, her boyfriend.[9] the events following the party are depicted in flashback. all the guests leave for the night, except for fitzerald who is drunk and sleeping. she spends the night at the couch of gresham's apartment. the following morning, gresham has yet to decide on an ending for his novel. he discusses the matter with fletcher, his valet, and asks fletcher to think of an ending.[10] fitzgerald wakes with a hangover and gresham instructs her to get some proper sleep in his apartment. he soon discovers that there is a handgun hidden in her purse. meanwhile, the morning newspaper reports the death of actress peggy fanning. fanning was gresham's latest lover and the inspiration for frailty. she had divorced her husband, a fellow actor, in hopes of marrying gresham. however, gresham rejected her and had no interest in marrying her. the newspaper reports that fanning committed suicide in paris.[11] the flashback continues. durland visits gresham to warn him of danger. her husband has read gresham's novel about her and recognized his wife in it, due to a "detailed description of her sexual idiosyncrasies". her husband wants to kill gresham, and durland tries to convince gresham to flee with her to escape his wrath. gresham rejects her offer and her love. he is no longer interested in her. gresham is next visited by barbe, who tries to renew her love affair with him. he rejects her and throws her out of his apartment. the next arrival is sinclair, eager to show her sketches to fletcher and get an agreement about the illustration of frailty. gresham hires her for the illustration of the novel, though he has another motive for the act. he has fallen in love with sinclair and hopes to pursue a relationship with her.[12] lyn durland, gladys' husband, arrives and threatens to kill gresham. sinclair manages to convince the furious lyn that gresham is her own lover, and that they are going to marry. lyn leaves, and the supposed couple embraces. there is a genuine attraction, but sinclair does not trust gresham. she flees the apartment, unwilling to become the topic of his next novel. fitzgerald witnesses the scene and realizes that gresham has fallen in love with another woman. she decides to leave him, and leave the united states for good. gresham does not protest, but offers to purchase her handgun first. he is now the owner of the weapon.[13] trying to finish the novel, gresham has the idea to end it with a suicide. he discusses the matter with fletcher, and the conversation turns into the matter of suicide in general. fletcher informs his employer about fanning's suicide in paris, and accuses gresham of having killed the woman. fletcher then has a confession for gresham. he is not a valet, but an actor. "fletcher" is the husband which fanning cheated on and deserted. he entered gresham's service in order to get close to him and plot his revenge. following his confession, "fletcher" kills gresham. gresham finally has an ending for his novel. but he is dead and can not write it down.[14]
corpus document630
the age of innocence
at his 1875 engagement party, the wealthy newland archer (john boles) is surprised to meet his childhood friend ellen (irene dunne), beautiful and grown up and now countess olenska. olenska is the cousin of his fiancee may (julie haydon) and is considered scandalous by the strait-laced society of the time. newland, however, treats her well and sends her two dozen yellow roses. olenska turns to newland for advice about a possible divorce.[3]
corpus document631
anne of green gables
anne shirley (dawn o'day) is an orphan who has been adopted by farmer matthew cuthbert (o.p. heggie) and his sister, marilla (helen westley). although the pair were expecting a young boy to help on their farm, anne endears herself to them and to the local villagers. she befriends diana barry and most of the children at her school, all except for gilbert blythe after he calls her 'carrots' and she smashes her slate over his head. she and diana have a bet that anne can flirt with gilbert and he will fall head over heels in love with her. little do they know, gilbert overheard them and has already fallen in love with her. anne flirts with him, which becomes unsuccessful, and diana wins the bet. anne lies to gilbert that she has a boyfriend to make him jealous, but she only ends up embarrassing herself. shortly after, anne is playing the lady of shalott when she realizes her boat is sinking, and gilbert sees her and saves her life. she then decides to forgive him and give him a reward for saving her. she will kiss him. gilbert is surprised. anne thinks he doesn't want to claim his reward, but he tells her he does and that he wants her to be his girl. for three years they have an affair, but mrs. barry spies on them and tells marilla. marilla does not want anne to even talk to gilbert, since his mother broke matthew's heart. anne and gilbert are both devastated and matthew is upset with marilla, since it wasn't she who got her heart broken. anne goes to college. diana, who is now married, visits anne and tells her that matthew is ill. she returns to green gables, finding out it's for sale to save matthew, since he needs the best doctor in halifax. she remembers gilbert is studying with this doctor, so she goes to see gilbert. he tries flirting with her, and she eventually gives in and finds out that gilbert heard about matthew and begged the doctor to save him for free, which he did. after marilla finds out what he had done, she forgives the blythes and lets anne and gilbert see each other again.
corpus document632
as the earth turns
a young couple farm in maine.
corpus document633
babes in toyland
stannie dum (stan laurel) and ollie dee (oliver hardy) live in a shoe (as in the nursery rhyme there was an old woman who lived in a shoe), along with mother peep (the old woman), bo peep (charlotte henry), a mouse resembling mickey mouse (and actually played by a live monkey in a costume), and many other children. the mortgage on the shoe is owned by the villainous silas barnaby (henry brandon), who is looking to marry bo peep. knowing the widow peep is having a difficult time paying the mortgage, barnaby offers the old woman an ultimatum – unless bo peep agrees to marry him he will foreclose on the shoe. widow peep refuses, but is worried about where she'll get the money to pay the mortgage. ollie offers her all the money he has stored away in his savings can, only to learn that stannie has taken it to buy peewees (a favored toy consisting of a wooden peg with tapered ends that rises in the air when struck with a stick near one end and is then caused to fly through the air by being struck again with the stick). he and stannie set out to get the money for the mortgage from their boss, the toymaker (william burress). but stannie has mixed up an order from santa claus (building 100 wooden soldiers at six feet tall, instead of 600 soldiers at one foot tall) and one of the soldiers, when activated, wrecks the toy shop. stannie and ollie are fired without getting the money. the two then hatch a plan to sneak into barnaby's house and steal the mortgage, but are again foiled by their incompetence. barnaby has them arrested on a burglary charge, and the two are sentenced to be dunked in the ducking stool and then banished to bogeyland. but barnaby agrees to drop the charges if bo peep will marry him. she reluctantly agrees, but not before ollie suffers the dunking. stannie and ollie come up with a new scheme. at the wedding, ollie is present to give the bride away. after the nuptials, but before the ceremonial kiss, ollie asks for the "wedding present" (the mortgage) from barnaby. after inspecting it, ollie tears it up, and then lifts the bride's veil — to reveal stannie, who had worn bo peep's wedding dress to the ceremony. bo peep is still free, and the mortgage is gone. ollie teases stan about having to live with barnaby as stan cries saying "i don't love him". enraged, barnaby plots his revenge, eventually hitting on the idea of framing bo peep's true love, tom, tom, the piper's son (felix knight), on a trumped-up charge of "pignapping", and getting him banished to bogeyland. barnaby proceeds to abduct little elmer (angelo rossitto), one of the three little pigs, and then has a henchman plant false evidence (including sausage links) in tom-tom's house. tom-tom is put on trial, convicted, and banished to bogeyland, which he is taken to on a raft by two dunkers across an alligator infested river. a distraught but brave bo peep follows him. meanwhile, ollie and stannie find evidence implicating barnaby in the pignapping, including the fact that the alleged sausage links presented as evidence at tom-tom's trial are made of beef. they later find the kidnapped pig alive in barnaby's cellar. a manhunt commences for barnaby, who flees to bogeyland through a secret passageway at the bottom of an empty well. stannie and ollie eventually follow barnaby down the well. meanwhile, bo peep crosses the river to bogeyland, finds tom-tom and explains barnaby's trickery to him. tom-tom sings victor herbert's go to sleep, slumber deep to bo-peep in an enormous cave set with giant spider webs. barnaby catches up to tom-tom and bo-peep, and attempts to abduct bo-peep but gets into a fight with tom-tom, who gives barnaby a well-deserved thrashing. an enraged barnaby grabs a large stick and beats a stalactite to summon an army of bogeymen, who chase bo-peep and tom-tom through the caverns of bogeyland. the lovers run into stannie and ollie, who help them escape back through the well and are welcomed by the townspeople, who now realize barnaby's treachery. barnaby leads an invasion of toyland on a fleet of rafts in a scene reminiscent of the painting of washington crossing the delaware. ollie and stan tell their story to old king cole (kewpie morgan), the king of toyland, and the townspeople as two bogeymen scale the wall and open the gate. the crowd flees in panic as the army of torch-wielding bogeymen attacks toyland. ollie and stannie run and hide in the toy shop warehouse. there they discover boxes of darts and use them to fight off the bogeymen, thanks to stan's skill with the game of "peewees" (and help from the three little pigs and the mouse). stan and ollie then empty an entire box of darts into a cannon, but as the two search for the last remaining darts, they realize instead that they should activate the wooden soldiers. the "march" alluded to in the film's title begins as the soldiers march out of the toy shop (filmed in a stop-motion animation sequence by roy seawright[5]). the scene changes to live action as the soldiers attack the bogeymen with the bayonets of their rifles. barnaby is defeated and trapped and covered by blocks that spell "rat", while the bogeymen are routed and driven back into bogeyland, where alligators appear to feast on them, although this is never made clear. the kingdom of toyland is saved. stan and ollie decide to give the bogeymen a parting shot with the dart-filled cannon. as stan aims the cannon and lights the fuse, and ollie turns away to avoid the loud blast, the barrel of the cannon flips backwards and unleashes the barrage of darts on ollie, covering his back with darts. the film ends with stan pulling them out one by one as ollie winces. bogeyland is the abode of the "bogeymen" in the 1934 film (and the 1961 technicolor remake from walt disney). in the story, bogeyland is separated from toyland by a crocodile-infested river situated just outside the gate of toyland. it is a dark, cavernous place, where twisted cypress trees grow, and many stalactites and stalagmites protrude from its rocky landscape. citizens of toyland who commit serious crimes are banished to bogeyland.[6] those banished to bogeyland never return; they are inevitably eaten alive by the bogeymen. the miserly silas barnaby (a character based on the english nursery rhyme "there was a crooked man") has a secret tunnel to bogeyland at the bottom of his well. in the climax of the film, barnaby leads an army of bogeymen out of bogeyland in an attempt to conquer toyland, but is thwarted by toyland's army of wooden soldiers.[7]
corpus document634
baby take a bow
after serving time in sing sing, eddie ellison (james dunn) marries his fiancée kay (claire trevor) and eventually the two have a daughter they name shirley (shirley temple). eddie helps his friend, and former convict, larry scott (ray walker), who is engaged to shirley's dance instructor jane (dorothy libaire), get a job as a chauffeur for his employer, factory owner stuart carson (richard tucker). trigger stone (ralf harolde), who also served time in sing sing, steals mrs. carson's (olive tell) pearl necklace and asks eddie and larry to sell it for him, but they refuse. private investigator welch (alan dinehart), the man responsible for eddie's conviction, tells the head of the national insurance company he suspects the chauffeurs are guilty of the robbery and informs mr. carson about their prison records, prompting him to fire them. trying to escape from the police, trigger gives the pearl necklace to shirley, who believes it is a belated birthday present. as part of a game, she hides it in her father's pocket, and when he finds it while welch is searching the apartment, he conceals it in the carpet sweeper, but unbeknownst to him, the neighbor's maid anna (lillian stuart) borrows empties it before returning it. kay returns home, and when she hears the story, they try to open the sweeper. welch returns and opens it himself, only to find it empty. after welch leaves, eddie, larry, kay and jane search the apartment building for the necklace. when trigger threatens eddie with a gun, eddie subdues him and ties him up, then goes for the police. during his absence, shirley discovers the necklace in the garbage can downstairs. she brings it to eddie but instead finds trigger, who convinces her to let him free. he takes her hostage and climbs to the roof, where he shoots eddie. although injured, eddie manages to capture trigger. shirley takes the necklace from trigger's pocket, and detective flannigan tells her she will be eligible for the $5,000 reward.
corpus document635
the barrets of wimpole street
the bulk of the story takes place in the lavish home of edward barrett (charles laughton) and his adult children. upstairs, elizabeth (norma shearer), called "ba", the oldest girl, consults with her doctor. she is recovering from an undisclosed illness and is extremely weak – standing and walking are painful – but the doctor advises that a full recovery is possible. she has a vivacious and brilliant mind, her poetry is frequently published, she has a cute cocker spaniel named flush, and she loves fooling around with her siblings, especially her youngest sister, henrietta (maureen o'sullivan). her father edward, however, is displeased by the rambunctiousness in elizabeth's room. he wastes no opportunity to remind elizabeth that she is very ill and possibly in danger of death. he seems perversely determined to keep her confined, as though he does not want to allow her to make a full recovery; he even goes so far as to defy the doctor's orders. when she complains that the porter which she has been advised by the doctor to take is making her feel worse, the doctor takes her off it and puts her on hot milk instead, but edward forces her to continue drinking porter. his tyranny over the boys is more sketchily shown, but clearly, they are just as terrified of him as the girls. meanwhile, henrietta is interested in marrying her brothers' friend surtees (ralph forbes), who has a promising career in the military. but she discourages him. she cannot see any way around her insanely possessive father, who has forbidden any of his children – including his six boys – to marry. robert browning (fredric march) arrives in a snowstorm, and immediately sweeps ba off her feet. her poetry has caused him to fall madly in love with her. when she expresses her fear that death may be at hand, he laughs it off and encourages her to seize the day. when he leaves her room, she rises from her settee for the first time and drags herself to the window so she can see him as he departs. months pass. ba is able to walk slowly and to go downstairs to see robert. edward warns her not to overdo it and tells her it's just a temporary recovery. the doctors prescribe a trip to italy for the winter. edward is considering it, when chatty cousin bella (marion clayton) spills the beans that ba's relationship with robert isn't just a meeting of minds. edward immediately vetoes the trip and leaves the house, saying he's got another idea that may help her get the fresh air and sunshine she needs without having to leave the country. while he's out, robert and ba meet in kensington gardens. he assures her that he will take her himself to italy and that she should be ready by the end of the month. she says she'll think about it. edward's plan turns out to be a scheme to get ba out of london, away from friends and activity (all for the good of her health, of course). he writes, bidding her tell her siblings that he's about to sell the house and move them all out to surrey, six miles from the nearest railway station. ba relays the message but doesn't tell henrietta, who is now firmly committed to surtees. unexpectedly, edward returns early, catching henrietta and surtees modeling his dress uniform for ba in her room. brutally grasping her wrists, he forces henrietta to confess her secret affair. denouncing her as a whore, he makes her swear on the bible never to see surtees again and to lock herself in her room. ba witnesses all of this. when edward starts to blame her for aiding and abetting henrietta's illicit relationship, she reveals her true feelings. smashing the facade that has allowed her father to keep a dictatorial control over every minute of her waking life – she says that, far from obeying him out of love, she hates him, and denounces him as a tyrant. unrepentant, her father walks out of the room, saying she can send for him when she has repented of her sins. ba conspires with her maid wilson to let robert know she will elope with him and wilson is coming along. henrietta, when set free, runs to ba and exclaims that she will break her bible oath, lie to her father if necessary, and run away with surtees if she must. edward enters and dismisses henrietta to speak to ba alone. he opens up to her and confesses his real feelings and the motivation for his "dragon" behavior. edward apparently thinks of himself as having a sex addiction, and although the language in this scene is extremely euphemistic, we can gather that he tyrannized his wife as well, and that some of the children may actually have been conceived through marital rape. edward now suppresses all his desires, equating all sex with sin, and he wants his children never to fall prey to carnal passion. as he goes into detail about how he wants ba all to himself, to have her confide in him all her thoughts and feelings, he embraces her and actually comes close to making a sexual pass. horrified by his inhuman behavior, ba repulses him, and cries out that he must leave her. he apologizes and leaves, saying he'll pray for her. ba summons wilson, puts on her cloak and hat, takes her little dog flush and departs. as the two sneak down the stairs, we hear edward saying grace over dinner. a few moments later, we hear the hysterical laughter of ba's sister arabel (katharine alexander). the boys rush upstairs, followed by henrietta, to find that ba has left one letter for each of the siblings and edward. edward reads his letter and staggers to the window. as if drunk, he insanely mutters "i'll have her dog", and bids his son octavius take flush to the vet and have her killed. octavius cries out that it is unjust, and henrietta triumphantly drives the final blow; "in her letter to me ba writes that she has taken flush with her..." the film closes with a brief scene of elizabeth's and robert's marriage, with wilson as a witness and flush waiting patiently by the church door.
corpus document636
the beast of borneo
a noted big game hunter, bob ward (john preston), is visited in the jungles of borneo by russian scientist boris borodoff (eugene sigaloff) and his lovely assistant alma thorne (mae stuart), who want to prove the evolutionary link between man and beast. ward at first declines to lead the scientists to a tribe of orangutans, but alma's charms finally convince him. along with ward's pet orangutan, borneo joe, they track the apes and actually manage to capture a male orangutan, whom dr. borodoff anaesthetizes with a shot of whiskey. borodoff, it soon appears, is quite insane -- and bob, in an effort to calm him down, is knocked unconscious and dragged into the jungle by the tormented orangutan. he is rescued by alma and borneo joe, but the trio can only watch as the enraged simian kills the evil dr. borodoff.
corpus document637
beggars in ermine
john dawson, a steel-mill owner loses his legs and his company in an accident engineered by his crooked secretary/treasurer, jim marley. after meeting a blind peddler, marchant, he travels the country, under an assumed name, organizing beggars, peddlers, and the handicapped into a dues-paying system.
corpus document638
behold my wife!
michael carter (gene raymond) a young socialite returns drunk home telling the butler, that he will marry the next day. the butler talks to his parents and the next morning his sister diana (juliette compton) pays a visit to see the young lady mary white (ann sheridan) and to tell he a story about the brother having left for france, he always falls in love promises to marry and than leaves. mary white can't believe it, but at his home nobody lets her talk to him.diana offers her a cheque and a ticket to california. but when she walks out, triumphant about her victory, she hears a scream and the body of mary white has landed under the window on the hard street. when returning home she tries to make up a strategy for michael, this one notices that they have strange behavior, unless they tell him what happened. in his despair about the loss of mary white and his own family thinking about being disgraced by him, he takes the car and drives from one state to another drinking at every station he stops. at one bar he meets an apache man, very tall and very drunk and he invites him to drink from his bottle as the barman knowing him, don't want to give him any. a little woman comes into the bar and tries to tear away the indian. but mr. carter still wants to have him on his side drinking. the indian girl tonita (sylvia sidney), tells carter he is no good and other things, meantime the drunken indian pulls out his pistol and starts shooting at bottles and things. carter wants to shoot as well and tries to take away the pistol from the indian. in the fight he is shot in the shoulder. tonita operates him from the bullet, to save her indian friend, and carter asks her to marry him, as he thinks to disgrace his family. at the station the family is awaiting him with a lot of reporters and newspaper men. all the town knows about michael and tonita. the family at first desperate is again guided by carter's sister diana. she proposes her parents to give a big reception ball for the newly weds and invite every important person in town. the evening of the ball she sneaks in tonita's room and convinces her to wear a beautiful night dress, whereas michael wanted to dress her in her indian clothes to make a scandal. tonita descends the stairs, beautiful and everybody is allured by her presence. she even answers to impertinent people, and finally wins them all. michael is furious because he feels his family triumphs always over him. she is introduced to mr. prentice, the secret lover of diana. when tonita finds michael, he tells her about his rage against his family. she realizes that he married her only because of his fight against his family and leaves him going away with prentice. diana follows them in his apartment and tells prentice she left her husband to stay with him. he doesn't want her back, as he says she is no good. diana finds a revolver and shoots him. tonita proposes to take the blame as she hasn't any reason to live any more. and while she goes to the police station to give herself up, michael comes to prentice's apartment to search for her. he finds the body of prentice, and while the police officers arrive to see if the girl told the truth, michael hides in a closet. through a noise he makes, they find him and he confesses that he did it. at the police station, the inspector tells him that his wife said that she did it. when left alone, he tells her that she has to shut her mouth and let them think he did it, as she was said to claim guilt to save him. the scene ends up being the one love scene between michael and tonita, while the police officers are enthusiastic about their new bugging device through which they can hear even their kisses.
corpus document639
the big shakedown
jimmy morrell (charles farrell) and norma nelson (bette davis) who plan to wed as soon as their neighborhood pharmacy begins to show a profit. the opportunity arises when former bootlegger dutch barnes (ricardo cortez) offers jimmy a job duplicating name brand toothpaste and cosmetics that can be made cheaply and then sold in the bottles and jars of reputable pharmaceutical companies at regular prices. when dutch asks him to copy the formula for a popular brand of antiseptic, jimmy refuses, claiming he's unable to get a key ingredient, but when dutch offers him a bonus hefty enough to allow jimmy to marry norma, he agrees. dutch's ex-girlfriend lily duran (glenda farrell) jealous over his attentions to another woman, notifies the antiseptic company about the deception, and is murdered by dutch. without their key witness, the company is forced to drop their lawsuit against jimmy. now beholden to dutch, he is forced to make fake digitalis drug. norma is given some of the drug during childbirth and prompting her to lose the baby. jimmy seeks vengeance against dutch, but before he can achieve his goal sheffner, who formulated the antiseptic jimmy manufactured, shoots dutch. jimmy confesses everything to the district attorney and is exonerated, allowing him and norma to return to life as they once knew it.
corpus document640
the black cat
newlyweds peter (david manners) and joan alison (julie bishop), on their honeymoon in hungary, learn that due to a mixup, they must share a train compartment with dr. vitus werdegast (béla lugosi), a hungarian psychiatrist. eighteen years before, werdegast went to war, never seeing his wife again. he has spent the last 15 years in an infamous prison camp in siberia. on the train, the doctor explains that he is traveling to see an old friend, hjalmar poelzig (boris karloff), an austrian architect. later, the doctor, peter, and joan, share a bus, which crashes on a desolate, rain-swept road. joan is injured, and the doctor and peter take her to poelzig's home, built upon the ruins of fort marmorus, which poelzig commanded during the war. werdegast treats joan's injury, administering the tranquilizing drug hyoscine, causing her to behave erratically. while peter puts her to bed, werdegast accuses poelzig of betraying the fort during the war to the russians, resulting in the death of thousands of austro-hungarian soldiers. he also accuses poelzig of stealing his wife karen while he was in prison. early on in the movie, werdegast kills poelzig's black cat, and poelzig explains that werdegast has a strong fear of the animals. poelzig carries a second black cat around the house with him while he oversees his "collection" of dead women on display in glass cases – including karen. poelzig plans to sacrifice joan in a satanic ritual during the dark of the moon. he is seen reading a book called the rites of lucifer, while a beautiful blonde woman sleeps next to him. the blonde is werdegast's daughter – thus, poelzig's stepdaughter – also named karen (lucille lund). it's shown later that poelzig married werdegast's wife, and when she died, he married his daughter (who was told her real father died in prison). werdegast, who is unaware of his daughter's presence, bides his time, waiting for the right moment to strike down the mad architect. he also tries to persuade his foe to spare peter and joan, at one point literally gambling with their lives by playing a game of chess with poelzig – which he loses. that moment comes during the beginning of the satanists' service, when a female acolyte sees something which causes her to scream and faint. werdegast and his servant thamal (harry cording) snatch joan from the sacrificial altar and carry her into the catacombs beneath the house, where peter is rendered unconscious by poelzig's servant. joan tells werdegast his daughter is alive in the building somewhere. he discovers that poelzig has killed his daughter and, in an insane rage, shackles him to an embalming rack, where he proceeds to literally skin poelzig alive. as joan tries to tear a key from the dead hand of poelzig's servant, peter, regaining consciousness, mistakes werdegast's attempt to help her as an attack and shoots him. fatally wounded, werdegast blows up the house, first letting the couple escape but with poelzig's "rotten cult" still upstairs. "it has been a good game," he says before he dies.
corpus document641
black moon
a young girl, juanita, finds her parents killed in a voodoo ritual on a distant tropical island. she escapes with her life, but when she reaches adulthood, she feels compelled to return to the island, bringing her daughter and nanny with her. once there, she goes to stay with her uncle who lives on the island. she soon discovers that the natives, who had been using her for voodoo rituals when she was a child, now treat her as a voodoo goddess. in this role, she begins leading their rituals. any attempt to fight juanita's influence or to remove her from her position is met with violent force. one person is found dead in a lava pit, while another is found hanged. at one point, juanita is so overcome by the voodoo curse that she offers her daughter up for sacrifice. juanita's businessman husband, stephen, follows her to the island and attempts to travel into the jungle to rescue her, but finds her taking part in a sacrifice of an innocent woman. although he shoots the high priest of the tribe, juanita completes the sacrifice herself. their high priest injured, the natives now plan to murder all of the white people on the island. stephen takes his daughter and two others into the fortified section of a plantation house. the natives succeed in capturing stephen and his secretary, gail, but they are eventually rescued. in the end, stephen shoots and kills juanita just as she is about to sacrifice her own daughter.
corpus document642
blind date
kitty (ann sothern), is a hardworking switchboard operator who is engaged to auto mechanic bill (paul kelly). when bill opens his own garage, the demands of running his own business soon take a toll on his relationship with kitty. frustrated, kitty agrees to go on a blind date with bob (neil hamilton), the wealthy son of a department store titan. when sparks fly, kitty is soon forced to make a difficult choice between the two men.[1]
corpus document643
blue steel
wayne plays john carruthers, an undercover us marshal, but that is not disclosed until well into the film. he appears to be in town investigating a string of robberies committed by the polka dot bandit (yakima canutt), but when he's a little late in discovering one of the bandit's latest thefts, sheriff jake (george "gabby" hayes) thinks he's the thief. for some reason, instead of arresting him, jake accompanies him on his journey; after all, as wayne says, "it's kind of lonesome trailing alone." the two stumble upon a gang robbing a pack-mule train; they rescue betty mason (eleanor hunt), whose father has just been killed by the bandits. she and her father were bringing desperately needed provisions to town, but the bandits have successfully cut off any supplies, forcing the townspeople to consider fleeing their homes or starving to death. it turns out that the local rich man, with the meaningful name of malgrove (edward peil sr.), is behind the robberies. he knows there's a vein of gold underneath the homesteaders' property, and he offers out of the kindness of his heart to purchase their land for a pittance. b-movie bad guys have a tendency to crow about their evil plans without checking to see if anyone is hiding nearby, and when the grieving betty overhears his plans, malgrove and his henchmen kidnap her. carruthers and jake offer to make one last attempt to bring supplies in, and malgrove and his henchmen make plans to murder them.
corpus document644
bolero
the film in 1910 new york. raoul de baere (raft) is a coal miner who wants to be a dancer, and tries to persuade his brother mike (frawley) to manage him. he dreams of moving to europe and opening a nightclub in paris. he does not have a lot of success until he teams with a female partner, lucy, and they make a success dancing in a beer garden in new jersey. lucy is attracted to raoul but he does not want to mix business with pleasure.. raoul travels to paris where he makes a living dancing with elder women in nightclubs. he finds a dance partner, leona (drake), and they have success together as a dance team in night clubs. leona wants to start a romance with raoul but he refuses. when leona threatens to quit, mike suggests raoul start a romantic relationship with her, which he does, though he dislikes leona's jealousy and wage demands. a former ziegfield chorus girl, helen hathaway (lombard), approaches raoul, suggesting they team up, saying she is a better dancer than leona. raoul agrees and he quits his paris nightclub to go to england with helen, dumping leona. raoul is attracted to helen but, not wanting a repeat of the leona situation, makes her promise that if he ever makes a move on her, she should reject him. she agrees and the two make a successful dance team. they appear on the bill with annette (sally rand), who does a "fan dance" and who suggests she and raoul team up, pointing out lord coray is romantically interested in helen. raoul is jealous. while holidaying in belgium, raoul and helen fall in love and start an affair. raoul sets up his own night club in paris and he and helen devise a very athletic routine to be accompanied by ravel's boléro (an anachronism, as the composition was not written until 1928). the night they are meant to debut it, world war one breaks out and the audience are talking about it instead of paying attention to the dance. raoul breaks off mid performance, and make a patriotic speech, promising to not dance until te war is over. helen is touched by raoul's patriotism. however, when she finds out he just did it for patriotism she breaks up with him and goes to work as a nurse. raoul serves in the army during the war and is wounded. on armistice day, a doctor tells him if he ever exerts himself again, he will die. after the war he tries to find helen and restart his dancing career. he cannot find her but he runs into leona, and they team up again. helen marries lord robert coray (milland). raoul opens a smart nightclub in paris. on the opening night, as he is about to start the show, he finds lenora drunk and unable to perform. fortunately, helen is in the audience and agrees to stand in. raoul hopes that she will rejoin him. desperate to impress the audience, he overdoes his athletic routine, collapses, and dies of heart failure.
corpus document645
bombay mail
the film is about a british police inspector (edmund lowe) who solves the case of a government head who was killed in his train compartment.[4]
corpus document646
born to be bad
letty strong (loretta young) was raised in a good family, but became pregnant and ran away from home. she was taken in by elderly fuzzy (henry travers), and gave birth to mickey (jackie kelk) in the back room of fuzzy's bookstore at the age of fifteen. embittered, she taught mickey to be street smart so he will never be taken advantage of like her. fuzzy strongly disapproves of how she is raising her son. now seven years old, mickey skips school and does as he pleases. meanwhile, letty earns a living by entertaining buyers so they will give business to her friend steve karns. a milk truck driven by malcolm "mal" trevor (cary grant) hits mickey as he is rollerskating in the street. when letty's lawyer, adolphe, learns that mal is the wealthy president of amalgamated dairies (out checking every aspect of his large business), he talks letty into seizing the opportunity to make some money. they get mickey to lie about the extent of his injuries. however, during the trial, mal's attorney (paul harvey) produces films showing mickey fully recovered. the irate judge has mickey taken from letty and put in an institution for boys. mal and his wife alyce (marion burns) have no children. mal offers to adopt mickey, with letty's approval, so she can see her son more frequently. mickey thrives on mal's country estate and the loving parenting he receives. letty is not satisfied with this arrangement; she wants her son back. adolph suggests she seduce mal and blackmail him into giving her mickey (as well as money) with a recording of their conversation. the plan works; mal admits he has fallen in love with her, and they spend the night together. the next morning, however, mal informs a surprised letty that he has told his wife. alyce is willing to sacrifice herself for mal's happiness. letty comes to realize her genuine feelings for mal, and breaks up with him, pretending to have only been toying with him. she then goes back to fuzzy and asks for her old job back at the bookstore.
corpus document647
bottoms up
the film tells the story of a promoter who helps a hollywood extra actress toward stardom, however she turns from him toward her leading man.
corpus document648
bright eyes
5 year-old shirley blake (shirley temple) and her mother, mary (lois wilson), a maid, live in the home of her employers, the rich and mean-spirited smythe family, anita (dorothy christy), j. wellington (theodore von eltz), and joy (jane withers). shirley's aviator father died in an airplane crash before the film opens, and she now spends most of her time at the glendale, california airport with her godfather, bachelor pilot james "loop" merritt (james dunn), and his dog, rags.[note 1] after christmas morning she hitches a ride to the airport. the aviators bring her aboard a ship and taxi her around the runways, where she serenades them with her rendition of on the good ship lollipop mary is killed in a traffic accident. when loop hears about this he takes shirley up in an airplane, explains that she is in heaven, and that her mother is also there. when the smythes learn of mary's death they make plans to send shirley to an orphanage. however, uncle ned (charles sellon), the cranky, wheelchair-bound patriarch of the smythes, is fond of little "bright eyes" (as he calls her) and insists that she remain in the house. his relatives grudgingly comply with his wishes, although they make her feel unwelcome. a custody battle for her ensues between loop and uncle ned. in order to raise attorney fees, loop reluctantly accepts a lucrative contract to deliver an item by plane, cross-country to new york during a dangerous storm. unbeknown to him, little shirley had left the smythes' home, found his airplane at the airport, and stowed away inside. when their plane loses control in the storm in the wilderness, they parachute to ground together and are eventually rescued safely. the impasse over custody is resolved when loop, his fiancée, adele (judith allen), uncle ned, and shirley all decide to live together.
corpus document649
british agent
in the days leading up to the russian revolution, stephen locke (leslie howard), a minor british diplomat, watches rioting in the streets. revolutionary elena moura (kay francis) shoots it out with a cossack soldier; when she retreats onto the grounds of the consulate, the soldier follows, forcing stephen to intervene to protect british extraterritoriality. after the cossack leaves, elena emerges; she and steven are attracted to each other, but their politics clash. elena departs. after the russian empire is overthrown and the soviet union is born, most of the western diplomats evacuate. stephen is left behind with just a servant, "poohbah" evans. day after day, he waits with mounting frustration for instructions, passing the time with others in the same situation, american bob medill (william gargan), gaston lefarge (phillip reed) and tito del val (cesar romero). his boredom is lifted when he meets elena again. she is now an important member of the government, working for commissioner of war trotsky (j. carrol naish). he romances her, and they quickly fall in love. however, her first loyalty is to her country. she demonstrates this when stephen finally receives orders from england. he is to try to prevent the soviet union from concluding a separate peace with imperial germany, which would free up large numbers of german soldiers for the western front; however, he is warned that he is only an "unofficial" british representative. stephen carelessly reads the message in elena's hearing. she passes along the information to her boss. as a result, when stephen pleads with the soviet government in moscow to keep fighting, his arguments are undercut by their awareness of his status. he manages to get a delay of three weeks, to see if he can persuade his superiors to agree to soviet demands: £50 million, five army divisions and munitions. instead, without stephen's knowledge, the british send a force to archangel to fight alongside the internal enemies of the soviets. after the czar is executed, medill, lefarge and del val persuade stephen to join them in supporting counterrevolutionary forces. when lenin is seriously wounded in an assassination attempt, the soviets initiate a harsh crackdown. lefarge and del val are killed while attempting to contact a rebel military leader in the city. medill tries to do the same, but is caught and tortured for stephen's whereabouts. when he refuses to crack, he is sentenced to die by firing squad the next day. elena is ordered to persuade him to tell her where stephen is; knowing she is in love with stephen, medill gives her the address. she reluctantly gives the information to trotsky, who orders soldiers to level the building. elena sneaks into the building, determined to die with stephen. they are reprieved, however. just as the soldiers start shooting, news arrives that lenin will recover, and that he has ordered the release of all political prisoners. later, stephen and elena depart for england; at the train station, medill requests they send him a supply of bubble gum.
corpus document650
broadway bill
dan brooks (warner baxter) runs a paper box factory for his father-in-law, j. l. higgins (walter connolly), who owns most of the major business interests in higginsville. uninspired by his factory position, dan devotes his time and energy to training his thoroughbred race horse, broadway bill, in hopes of returning one day to the world of horse racing. dan is encouraged to follow his dream by his unwed sister-in-law alice (myrna loy) and stable hand whitey (clarence muse). one night at a family dinner, j. l. reports that sales are down in the paper box division and blames it on dan's neglect of his work. when he orders dan to sell the horse and focus on his factory job, dan resigns and leaves higginsville without his wife margaret (helen vinson), who shows little sympathy for her husband. with broadway bill in tow, dan drives to the imperial race track, where he reunites with former colleagues and enters his horse in the upcoming imperial derby. after barely scraping together the meager fifty-dollar entrance fee, dan convinces pop jones to provide feed and shelter on credit, and then searches for a backer who can provide the five hundred dollar nominating fee. at a preliminary race, broadway bill bolts from the starting gate and is disqualified. dan writes to his wife margaret asking her to bring his pet rooster skeeter, who has a way of calming the horse down. the rooster is delivered instead by young alice, who is secretly in love with dan. alice decides to stay and help with the horse, despite dan's objections. he is unaware of her feelings for him. during a terrible storm, broadway bill catches a serious cold after being soaked by rain leaking through the old barn roof. alice nurses the horse back to health, and then sells her fur coat and jewelry in order to raise the necessary nominating fee—telling whitey to say he won the money shooting craps. the night before the derby, however, pop jones confiscates the horse because he was never paid for the feed and shelter, and when dan tries to intervene, he is thrown in jail. not even dan's "princess" alice can help him now. meanwhile, millionaire j. p. chase innocently places a two-dollar bet on broadway bill at one-hundred-to-one odds to impress his pretty nurse. the bet is misinterpreted, and word soon gets out that the "smart" money is on broadway bill, making him the favorite. this pleases bookmaker eddie morgan, whose horse will benefit from the changing odds. to continue the betting and prevent broadway bill from being scratched, eddie bails dan out of jail, pays his bills, and arranges for top jockey ted williams to ride broadway bill in the derby. a grateful dan is unaware that eddie bribed ted to prevent broadway bill from winning. during the race, ted tries to rein in broadway bill, but the heroic horse ignores the jockey's instructions and runs to victory. after crossing the finishing line, broadway bill collapses and dies of a burst heart. after the funeral, dan and whitey leave town. two years later, j. l. announces to his family that since margaret's divorce he has sold off most of his holdings and intends to sell the bank next. his announcement is interrupted when dan arrives honking his car horn, demanding that j. l. "release the princess from the dark tower". a joyous alice runs to join dan, whitey, and their two new thoroughbreds, broadway bill ii and princess. as they're preparing to drive away, j. l. leaves his family behind and runs after to join them.
corpus document651
bulldog drummond strikes back
bulldog drummond's partner algy is set to wed. bulldog attends the wedding but on his return home in the deep foggy night he wanders into an old mansion of prince achmed in search of a telephone. to his shock he finds the corpse of an old man. bodies keep disappearing as drummond attempts to contact the authorities, including neighbour captain nielsen. but a woman is on the case, lola, who is the daughter of the dead man.
corpus document652
by your leave
henry and ellen smith are a middle-aged married couple who have settled into a routine life in the suburbs of new york. henry feels that the spice has gone out of their marriage, while ellen is more content with their lot in life. when the couple comes into a financial windfall, henry suggests that they take separate vacations. reluctantly, ellen agrees, and henry departs to test the waters of new york city's nightlife. in the city, he meets up with skeets, and the two go out on the town, eventually ending up pursuing gloria dawn and her friend merle, broadway dancers. after sitting at home and bemoaning her fate with her housekeeper, whiffen, for a several days, eventually ellen decides what is good for the goose is good for the gander, and she also departs to have some fun in new york. upon her arrival she meets the sweet-talking world traveler, david mckenzie. when henry and skeets fail to connect with the dancers, henry meets up with an old friend, freddie wilkens, who promises to show him a good time. unbeknownst to henry, freddie knows that helen is in town also looking for some fun, and he intends to provide it. he sets henry up with a prostitute, and then goes to seduce helen. while henry takes his "date", andree, out for the evening, helen is busy turning down the advances of freddie. after freddie's departure, helen seeks out mckenzie, who takes her to dinner. as the night wears on, the amorous entanglements of both the husband and wife progress. mckenzie is receptive to becoming involved with helen, and takes her to his yacht following dinner. he tells her he is sailing the following day. meanwhile, andree is also very open to having things proceed further with henry, and the two head back to his hotel suite. as they do, mckenzie takes helen back to her suite. there, things heat up between the two, and he asks her to go away with him when he sets sail. in henry's suite, he realizes that things are going too fast, and afraid of what might happen, he sneaks out and heads back to his house in the suburbs. upon his return to their home, he is upset by the fact that helen is not at home. in helen's suite, she is confused by the effect that mckenzie's attention is having on her. putting him off, she tells him that she will give him an answer in the morning. after he leaves, she is afraid of her feelings, and she heads back to her home. after she arrives, she and henry realize that the two really love each other, and they reconcile.
corpus document653
the captain hates the sea
alcoholic newspaperman steve bramley boards the ship san capador for a restful cruise, hoping to quit drinking and begin writing a book. also on board are steve's friend schulte, a private detective hoping to nab criminal danny checkett with a fortune in stolen bonds. steve begins drinking, all the while observing the various stories of other passengers on board, several of whom turn out not to be who they seem to be.
corpus document654
caravan
the young countess wilma (young) is forced to wed by midnight or lose her inheritance. wilma impulsively chooses gypsy vagabond latzi (boyer), offering him a huge sum of money if he'll consent. swallowing his pride, latzi agrees to the marriage, but soon wilma falls in love with the young lieutenant von tokay (holmes) who is himself in love with latzi's gypsy sweetheart timka (parker).
corpus document655
the case of the howling dog
severely agitated by the howling of a police dog next door, millionaire arthur cartwright comes to los angeles lawyer perry mason to draw up his will, stating that the howling is a sign that a death has occurred. he wants to leave his money to the apparent wife of clinton foley, another millionaire and the dog's owner, explaining that while "evelyn foley" pretends to be foley's wife, he is still legally married to someone else. perry explains how cartwright should word his odd bequest and after receiving a huge retainer fee, gives him a form to fill out and return. when perry receives the form the next day, cartwright has changed the beneficiary to foley's actual wife. the fee paid by cartwright obligates perry to legally and morally represent the real mrs. foley to the best of his ability. foley attempts to file a complaint of insanity against cartwright, claiming he is a homicidal maniac whose bizarre behavior prompted most of foley's household staff to quit. a sheriff's deputy is assigned to investigate the complaint. he and perry accompany foley back to his house, where perry questions why an addition to his garage is being built for yet another car if his chauffeur has quit. attractive lucy benton, who foley states is his housekeeper, rushes from the house with her right hand heavily bandaged to tell foley that she was bitten by the dog while giving it an emetic, thinking it had been poisoned. when they ask to talk to foley's "wife" evelyn, lucy tells them that she has just packed her bags and disappeared. a note left behind states that she loves cartwright and is going away with him. perry goes next door and finds that cartwright has also disappeared overnight. a telegram sent from ventura and signed by evelyn is sent to foley asking him to stop his actions. perry's private detectives investigate and learn that evelyn was actually cartwright's wife who ran away with foley when they were friends in santa barbara with foley and his wife bessie. lucy was foley's private secretary then, unbeknownst to evelyn. one of perry's men is assigned to watch foley's house and sees lucy drive away with an unknown man. a cab arrives with a woman in black. when foley shows annoyance that she "found him", she tells him that she "wants justice" and he releases the dog to attack her. two shots are fired, killing the dog and foley, followed by the slamming of the garden door, and the woman flees. perry arrives for a meeting with foley and discovers the bodies. he immediately tracks down the cab driver at his cab stand, learning that a perfumed handkerchief left in the cab links "bessie" to the murder scene, and then finds the woman, who is the actual wife and his client, in a hotel under an assumed name. he sends his secretary, della street, to impersonate bessie and claim the handkerchief before the cabbie turns it in. bessie denies killing her husband. perry warns her that she is going to be arrested for foley's murder and orders her to say nothing to the police. later, acting on a hunch when none of the handwriting samples of the three women gathered by his operatives matches the note and the handwritten copy of the telegram, perry devises a ruse to obtain a page from lucy's diary of the day after the cartwrights disappeared. during the trial, perry discredits the cab driver's identification of his passenger when he demonstrates that he misidentified della as bessie. during his cross-examination of lucy, perry has the trial shifted to the scene of the crime, shows that the dog was devoted to all three women, and proves that lucy was foley's lover and is ambidextrous, writing the note, the telegram, and the diary page with her left hand. just then, workers excavating the foundation of the garage addition discover the bodies of cartwright and evelyn, murdered by foley. bessie is acquitted after perry in closing arguments states that because the dog loved her, he would never have attacked bessie and been killed, destroying the prosecution's only other link of bessie to the crime. after the trial, perry presents bessie with a dog that looks just like the dead animal, and the dog delightedly greets bessie. perry states that when the howling suddenly stopped, he searched kennels in the area and found one where a man matching foley's description exchanged the dog for a lookalike. he gives bessie the dog and orders her not to tell anyone what really happened. perry later tells della that he is sure that whatever bessie did was in self-defense.
corpus document656
the cat's-paw
ezekiel cobb, a naive young man raised by missionaries in china, is sent to the united states to seek a wife. he is promptly enlisted by the corrupt political machine of the fictional city of stockport, led by the corrupt boss jake mayo (george barbier) to run for mayor as phony "reform" politician. he is expected to be the "cat's paw" of the political machine. cobb unexpectedly takes his job seriously. frequently quoting chinese poet “ling po” (an apparent mispronunciation of li po), he embarks on a campaign to clean his town of its corrupt political machine. fighting back, the corrupt politicians frame cobb. he turns the table on them, however, by enlisting the help of his friends in the local chinese community, who help him kidnap the corrupt politicians and their hoodlum backers, detaining them in the "cellar of tien wang." he tells them that since his attempts to use western methods have not worked, he is going to use the methods of the ancient chinese: either they confess or they will be executed. they take a man into a back room – everyone says it’s a bluff, but then the man screams in terror and a moment later his decapitated body is brought out with his head set on top of his chest. when the second man is taken to the back room, it is shown that cobb has enlisted the help of the great chang a famous chinese magician on his first american tour, and that they are using his tricks to fake the executions. this tactic works, and mayo decides to throw his support to cobb after all. the town is swept of its corruption and cobb, with the support of local girl petunia pratt (una merkel), abandons plans to return to china and stays in the u.s. to fight corruption in his town. but his new wife insists on him returning to china.
corpus document657
chained
eager to marry his devoted secretary, diane lovering (joan crawford), new york city shipping magnate richard field (otto kruger) asks his wife louise (marjorie gateson) for a divorce. louise, however, refuses to give up her social position and denies richard's request. although diane insists that she will continue to love him without the benefit of marriage, richard asks her to contemplate her choices while cruising to south america on one of his boats. diane agrees to the cruise, but vows to return to new york unchanged. soon after boarding, diane meets johnnie smith (stuart erwin) in the ship's bar and rejects his flirtations. johnny asks his smooth-talking best friend, mike bradley (clark gable), for help, but is double-crossed when mike treats him like a drunk who's annoying diane. mike charms her and a shipboard romance blossoms. still true to richard, diane makes no commitments to mike. he persists, inviting her to visit his ranch in buenos aires. after a fun-filled day, diane and mike confess their mutual love. diane finally tells him about richard, but ealizing that mike is the man she truly loves, diane promises that when she returns to new york, she will end her affair with richard. richard, however, presents her with a wedding ring and explains that his wife finally agreed to divorce him on condition that he not be allowed to see his sons. overwhelmed by his sacrifice for her, diane says nothing about her new romance. after writing mike a "dear john" letter dumping him, she marries the millionaire. a year later, diane runs into mike in a new york gun shop and suggests they dine together. in spite of his bitterness, mike still loves diane and senses that she still loves him. diane explains why she is loyal to richard. mike drops by their country house and, in spite of diane's protests, vows to confront his rival. when mike sees how kind and caring richard is with diane, however, he backs down and leaves. richard reveals he had long sensed that she was in love with another man and nobly offers to divorce her. unchained at last, diane and mike begin their married life on his argentine ranch.
corpus document658
change of heart
after their graduation from college, friends catherine furness (janet gaynor), chris thring (charles farrell), mack mcgowan (james dunn) and madge rountree (ginger rogers) move to new york city. madge hopes to become an actress, lawyer chris wants to work for a big firm, mack aspires to being a radio crooner, and catherine desires to be a writer. although the quartet are great friends, their relationships are strained by their romantic entanglements, for catherine is in love with chris, who has eyes only for madge, while madge cannot make up her mind between chris and mack, who adores catherine.[2] after a 15-hour transcontinental flight, the youngsters call phyllis carmichael (barbara barondess), an alumnus of their university, who invites them to a party. later, when none of the friends have jobs yet, a desperate catherine responds to an ad seeking parents for orphaned infants. after catherine explains to dr. nathan kurtzman (gustav von seyffertitz), the babies' caretaker, that as an orphan herself she is willing to work as a nanny for anyone who adopts one of the babies, harriet hawkins (beryl mercer), a kindly old woman who runs a used clothing shop, hires her. harriet explains that she keeps one of the babies with her to show to the rich people who drop off their clothes in hopes that someone will adopt the child. catherine rushes to the boardinghouse where the friends are staying and discovers that chris and mack have also found jobs. their excitement is short-lived, however, for madge announces that she is leaving to live with phyllis, who can introduce her to a better class of people. while mack disparages madge's selfishness, catherine is heartbroken when chris runs after madge. mack proposes to catherine, but she gently turns him down and moves in with harriet. a month later, mack visits catherine and helps her persuade louise mockby (drue leyton) to adopt the boy for whom harriet is caring. catherine learns from mack that chris became ill and disappeared after madge left with businessman howard jackson (kenneth thomson) to be married in california. catherine tracks down chris, who requires round-the-clock nursing. her loving care saves his life, and after chris recovers, he realizes that he loves her. the two are wed and everything goes well until the return of madge, who decided not to marry howard. madge has inherited a large amount of money and pesters chris, who now works for gerald mockby (theodore von eltz), louise's lawyer husband, for legal advice. catherine is jealous of the attention chris pays to madge and finally confronts her. catherine and chris are to spend the weekend with the mockbys, and madge states that if she cannot persuade chris to stay with her, she will give him up. catherine is crushed when chris misses their train and goes to the mockbys alone. chris soon arrives, however, and catherine hugs him as he says he wants only her.[3]
corpus document659
charlie chan in london
when a young english man is convicted of murder and sentenced to hang, his sister and her fiancé, convinced of his innocence, ask visiting detective charlie chan to investigate the crime and find the real murderer. in order to solve the mystery, he must visit a lavish country manor house in england where the suspects vary from the housekeeper to a lawyer. events soon indicate that the murderer is still actively trying to avoid capture, but charlie chan must set a trap to reveal the criminal's identity.
corpus document660
charlie chan's courage
chan is hired to transport a pearl necklace. when his employer is murdered, he sets out to unmask the killer.
corpus document661
cheating cheaters
the palmers, a gang of thieves posing as a wealthy family, move next door to the lazarres with plans of robbing them. the palmers don't realize is that the lazarres are also a gang of criminals planning to rob their new wealthy neighbors, the palmers.
corpus document662
city limits
in a variation of captains courageous, j.b. matthews (frank craven) president of a railroad, is getting sick of doctors, when he falls off his train, and meets up with a pair of hoboes, king (james burke) and napoleon (jimmy conlin), who show him how to enjoy life, and real cooking. it's up to intrepid reporter jimmy dugan (ray walker) and helen (sally blane) to find him, and bring him in; before a rival ruins him. but, time is running out.
corpus document663
cleopatra
in 48 bc, cleopatra vies with her brother ptolemy for control of egypt. pothinos (leonard mudie) kidnaps her and apollodorus (irving pichel) and strands them in the desert. when pothinos informs julius caesar that the queen has fled the country, caesar is ready to sign an agreement with ptolemy when apollodorus appears, bearing a gift carpet for the roman. when apollodorus unrolls it, cleopatra emerges, much to pothinos' surprise. he tries to deny who she is. however caesar sees through the deception and cleopatra soon beguiles caesar with the prospect of the riches of not only egypt, but also india. later, when they are seemingly alone, she spots a sandal peeking out from underneath a curtain and thrusts a spear into the hidden pothinos, foiling his assassination attempt. caesar makes cleopatra the sole ruler of egypt, and begins an affair with her. caesar eventually returns to rome with cleopatra to the cheers of the masses, but roman unease is directed at cleopatra. cassius (ian maclaren), casca (edwin maxwell), brutus (arthur hohl) and other powerful romans become disgruntled, rightly suspecting that he intends to abolish the roman republic and make himself emperor, with cleopatra as his empress (after divorcing calpurnia, played by gertrude michael). ignoring the forebodings of calpurnia, cleopatra, and a soothsayer (harry beresford) who warns him about the ides of march, caesar goes to announce his intentions to the senate. before he can do so, he is assassinated. cleopatra is heartbroken at the news. at first, she wants to go to him, but apollodorus tells her that caesar did not love her, only her power and wealth, and that egypt needs her. they return home. bitter rivals marc antony and octavian (ian keith) are named co-rulers of rome. antony, disdainful of women, invites cleopatra to meet with him in tarsus, intending to bring her back to rome as a captive. enobarbus (c. aubrey smith), his close friend, warns antony against meeting cleopatra, but he goes anyway. she entices him to her barge and throws a party with many exotic animals and beautiful dancers, and soon bewitches him. together, they sail to egypt. king herod (joseph schildkraut), who has secretly allied himself with octavian, visits the lovers. he informs cleopatra privately that rome and octavian can be appeased if antony were to be poisoned. herod also tells antony the same thing, with the roles reversed. antony laughs off his suggestion, but a reluctant cleopatra, reminded of her duty to egypt by apollodorus, tests a poison on a condemned murderer (edgar dearing) to see how it works. before antony can drink the fatal wine, however, they receive news that octavian has declared war. antony orders his generals and legions to gather, but enobarbus informs him that they have all deserted out of loyalty to rome. enobarbus tells his comrade that he can wrest control of rome away from octavian by having cleopatra killed, but antony refuses to consider it. enobarbus bids antony goodbye, as he will not fight for an egyptian queen against rome. a short montage sequence shows the fighting between the forces of antony and octavian, ending in the naval battle of actium. antony fights on with the egyptian army, and is defeated. octavian and his soldiers surround and besiege antony and cleopatra. antony is mocked when he offers to fight them one by one. without his knowledge, cleopatra opens the gate and offers to cede egypt in return for antony's life in exile, but octavian turns her down. meanwhile, antony believes that she has deserted him for his rival and stabs himself. when cleopatra returns, she is heartbroken to find him dying. they reconcile before he perishes. then, with the gates breached, cleopatra kills herself with a poisonous snake and is found sitting on her throne, dead.
corpus document664
cockeyed cavaliers
in medieval england, bert and his friend, bob are put into the stocks after bert is caught stealing. a local young boy helps them escape. bert, bob and the young boy are chased by jailers through the countryside. it becomes apparent that the young boy is actually a young woman named mary ann. mary ann is attempting her own escape, from an arranged marriage to the duke. mary ann reveals herself after they arrive at the duke's castle. bert falls in love with her. mary ann agrees to the wedding after mary ann's father is threatened by the duke to get his daughter to marry him. bob, meanwhile, has fallen for the wife of the baron. the baron is enraged when he learns of his wife's infidelity. his vengeance is postponed when a local boar is spotted and the hunt is on. bert and bob capture the animal and win the bounty, letting bert save mary ann from her ill-fated marriage.
corpus document665
college rhythm
cocky college football star francis finnegan has his eye on the attractive gloria van dayham, as does his rival, larry stacey. francis gets a job in a department store owned by stacey's father, where salesgirl june cort develops an attraction to him. finnegan proposes that stacey's store sponsor a football team, which causes rival shop owner whimple to do likewise. the team's head cheerleader, mimi, falls for team mascot joe, meanwhile, and everybody pairs off with the perfect partner after the big game.
corpus document666
come on marines!
"lucky" davis, a ladies' man and a devil-may-care u.s. marine sergeant, is leading a marine squadron on an expedition through a philippine jungle where an outlaw bandit is leading a guerrilla-war rebellion. their assignment is to rescue a group of children from an island mission that has been cut off from all communication. when they arrive, they get a bit of a surprise when davis discovers that the "children" are a group of 18- to 25-year-old girls blissfully bathing in a pool while awaiting rescue.
corpus document667
the count of monte cristo
in 1815, a french merchant ship stops at the island of elba. a letter from the exiled napoleon is given to the ship's captain to deliver to a man in marseille. before he dies of a sickness, the captain entrusts the task to his first officer, edmond dantès (donat). however, the city magistrate, raymond de villefort, jr. (calhern), is tipped off by an informer, the second officer, danglars (raymond walburn), and has both men arrested after the exchange. dantès' friend fernand mondego (sidney blackmer) accompanies him to the jail. however, he, danglars, and de villefort all stand to gain from keeping dantès imprisoned: mondego is in love with dantès' fiancée, mercedes (landi); danglars wants to be promoted captain in dantès' place; and the man who accepted the letter turns out to be de villefort's father (lawrence grant). de villefort consigns dantès without trial to a notorious prison, the château d'if, on the false testimony of danglars. when napoleon returns to france, giving dantès' friends hope for his release, de villefort signs a false statement that he was killed trying to escape, which mondego shows to mercedes. deceived, she gives in to her mother's deathbed wish and marries mondego. eight years of solitary confinement follow for dantès. then one day, the aged abbé faria (o. p. heggie), a fellow prisoner, breaks into his cell through a tunnel he has been digging. the two join forces; faria calculates it will take five more years to finish. in the meantime, he starts educating dantès. however, as they near their goal, a cave-in fatally injures the old man. before he dies, he bequeaths a vast hidden treasure to his protégé (faria's enemies had tortured and imprisoned him in an unsuccessful attempt to extract its location). the body is sewn into a shroud, but while the undertaker is away, dantès substitutes himself for the corpse undetected. he is cast into the sea. he frees himself and is picked up by a smuggling ship. dantès later follows the abbé's directions and finds the treasure on the uninhabited island of monte cristo. with a fortune at his command, he sets in motion his plans for revenge. to begin, he arranges to have albert (mercedes and mondego's son) kidnapped and held for ransom. dantès "rescues" the younger man in order to gain entry into paris society, using his purchased title of count of monte cristo. first to be brought to justice is mondego. while the french ambassador to albania, mondego gained renown for his bravery in an unsuccessful defense of ali pasha. dantès arranges a ball to "honor" his enemy, then arranges to have him exposed publicly as the one who betrayed ali pasha to his death at the hands of the turks. unaware of the count's role in his disgrace, mondego goes to him for advice. dantès reveals his identity and they engage in a duel; dantès wins, but spares mondego, who returns home and commits suicide. next is danglars, now the most influential banker in paris. dantès uses his services to buy and sell shares, sharing tips he receives from his informants. when these turn out to be infallibly profitable, danglars bribes a man to send him copies of messages to dantès. greed leads him to invest all of his money on the next report, just as dantès had planned. when the tip proves to be false, danglars is bankrupted. dantès reveals his true identity to danglars, who is left penniless and insane. however, there are unexpected complications that threaten dantès' carefully conceived plans. albert mondego learns of his involvement in his father's downfall and challenges him to a duel. mercedes, who had recognized her former lover upon their first meeting, begs him not to kill her son. he agrees. fortunately, albert deliberately changes his aim because his mother has told him who monte cristo really is, and the duel ends without injury. de villefort has risen to the high office of state attorney. dantès sends him information about his true identity and activities, which leads to his arrest and trial. at first, dantès refuses to testify, in order to shield de villefort's daughter valentine (irene hervey), who is in love with albert. however, when she learns of it, she urges him to defend himself. dantès does so, providing evidence of de villefort's longstanding corruption. at last, with all of his enemies destroyed, dantès is reunited with mercedes.
corpus document668
the crime doctor
famous detective dan gifford arrives home he is surprised to find his wife, andra, is attracted to famous crime novelist, eric anderson. jealous, he decides to write his own crime novel. when he overhears andra on the phone with eric later that evening, he plans to commit the perfect murder and to frame eric for it. in order to accomplish this, he hires blanche flynn, an ex-con, to rent the apartment above eric's and to keep notes on eric's activity. however, when blanche sees andra entering the apartment, she decides to make a new deal for herself. she approaches eric and blackmails him for $10,000 to keep the affair secret. eric agrees, and sets up a meeting with her the following evening to deliver the money. when gifford finds out about the blackmail scheme, he realizes the perfect moment to hatch his own scheme as arrived. offering to help anderson, he arranges for anderson to come to his office prior to the money exchange. when anderson heads to gifford's office, gifford sneaks into his apartment, and steals a gun, knowing that anderson keeps a gun collection. he then quickly goes down to blanche's apartment, where he murders the young woman, after forcing her to write a note explaining she was romantically involved with anderson, and implicating him in her murder. with all the evidence pointing to him, anderson is convicted of the murder, and sentenced to death. however, gifford's plan begins to unfold when andra refuses to accept the evidence, not believing that anderson is capable of such a heinous crime. when gifford understands the depth of his wife's feelings for anderson, he writes a note confessing to the murder, and then commits suicide. however, it is then revealed that the events of the contrived murder and subsequent events were all simply part of the book gifford had sat down to begin writing at the beginning of the film. none of it was real.
corpus document669
crimson romance
in 1916, childhood best friends, bob wilson (ben lyon) and fred von bergen (james bush), are test pilots working for an american company that builds bombers for the european allies. since he is german-born and faces prejudice against his heritage, fred loses his job and, unable to find other employment, decides to return to germany to fight for his homeland. although he has no special attachment to the german cause, bob quits the aviation company and joins his friend in germany. on their way to a german airfield, red cross nurse alida hoffman (sari maritza) accidentally runs bob and fred off the road, both men are immediately drawn to alida, especially bob although fred is more shy. after bob's first unsuccessful mission, captain wolters (erich von stroheim), the squadron's tyrannical leader, expresses his doubt about his loyalty but, desperate for pilots, gives him another chance. as the united states is drawn into the war, instead of sending him into a crucial air battle, wolters arrests bob. fred, heartbroken that alida has chosen bob, quarrels with his friend, calling him a coward. later, however, fred allows his friend to escape from a firing squad and flee to the allied lines. to prove his allegiance, bob leads british bombers to the german base, while fred is told by wolters that he must shoot down bob to prove his loyalty. neither man is capable of killing the other, and, in the end, fred sacrifices his life for bob. after the war, bob returns to germany to marry alida. the newly married couple then returns to the united states, and pay their respects to fred's mother.
corpus document670
cross country cruise
sue fleming's suitcase opens by accident, dropping her clothes from a double-decker bus onto norman winthrop. she retrieves her belongings and enters the new york city bus terminal. intrigued, he follows her and returns a garter belt she overlooked. steve borden, the man she is involved with, calls her on the phone (though he is also in the terminal) and tells her to buy a ticket to san francisco. afterward, she sees him with another woman. they board the bus too. norman, who is supposed to go to san francisco by train, decides to travel by bus instead. murphy has orders from norman's father to keep him away from women. to murphy's satisfaction, sue rebuffs norman's initial attempts to become better acquainted. may gives all her money to a friend, but manages to charm the bus driver, various relief drivers and willy, a talkative, know-it-all passenger, into letting her ride for free. when the bus stops in poughkeepsie, steve and nita borden prove to be con artists, selling bibles at inflated prices to those who have lost loved ones recently, claiming they were specially ordered by the deceased. nita, suspecting what is going on, later chats with sue and introduces her husband, steve. a disgusted sue breaks up with steve. she then makes a date with the persistent norman at niagara falls. while norman is getting ready, murphy steals his clothes, but norman goes with sue to see the falls wearing a raincoat provided by the tour company. when a tour employee demands the raincoat, norman is shown to have only a bath towel on underneath. norman arranges a candle-lit dinner for two in chicago, but murphy invites all the other passengers. when the bus later has engine trouble, the passengers go to a nearby carnival, where norman challenges sue to a bow and arrow contest; the prize, if he wins, is a kiss, but she proves to be a much better shot. later, though, sue finally lets him kiss her. in denver, sue goes shopping in a department store. steve takes her into a tent in the sporting goods department and tries to get her back, but she turns him down. nita finds them together. sue tells her that she is through with steve, but nita does not believe her. after sue leaves, nita informs steve that she is going to tell the police all about his scams, so he kills her with a bow and arrow. it is nearly closing time, so he is able to conceal the corpse in a window display as a mannequin. back on the bus, steve claims his wife is visiting friends in denver. then he tells norman that sue broke off their engagement. norman believes him. when nita's body is discovered, the police stop the bus and question steve. sue states she left after nita found the two of them in the store, but steve claims that it was he who left. when sue's archery skills are revealed, she is taken into custody. however, norman is able to cast suspicion on steve too. the police decide to take everyone to reno, but as they start to board the bus, steve suddenly forces the driver at gunpoint to speed away, with sue as the only other passenger. then steve takes the wheel and makes the driver jump off. norman and the police land an airplane on the road ahead of the bus. steve dies after crashing into it, but sue is all right. when the bus reaches san francisco, may and willy prepare to get married, but he is arrested for bigamy. norman and murphy head to a lumber camp in washington state, where norman and sue (and murphy and may) pair off.
corpus document671
cross streets
when he is spurned by his fiancé, ann clement, at his college graduation, young doctor adam blythe begins drinking heavily. ann marries the wealthy jerry grattan. adam conducts surgery while under the influence, and loses his patient. disgraced, he becomes a small-town veterinarian, unable to practice medicine. after seventeen years, adam runs into an old schoolmate, morton talbot, who although he flunked out of college, is now quite wealthy. hearing adam's story, he empathizes with his old friend, and begins to formulate a plan. he convinces adam to accompany him to the upcoming graduation ceremonies at their old college, clifton university. when they arrive, morton hints of the possibility of his making a large bequest to the school of medicine to dean todd, the head of the college. it was todd who had flunked morton, causing him to leave school. morton introduces adam, claiming that he is an eminent surgeon with a flourishing practice in europe. meanwhile, adam meets june grattan, the 17-year-old daughter of ann and jerry. when an opportunity comes up, morton pushes todd to allow adam to perform a very delicate piece of surgery. at first, adam does not want to, but allows himself to be convinced to perform the surgery, which he does flawlessly. impressed, dean todd offers adam the position as head of the new research wing of the medical school, which is to be built with funds donated by morton. june is equally impressed, and she and adam fall in love. when her parents find out about their blossoming relationship, ann is consumed by jealousy, which in turn fuels jerry's jealousy. he approaches adam and threatens to tell june that adam is her father, unless adam leaves her alone. at a banquet that evening, however, adam is consumed by guilt over the deception he and morton have perpetrated. in front of the entire audience, he lets them all know the truth about his history. everyone is in a state of shock, but june lets him know that it doesn't change her feelings for him. adam, seeing the hopelessness of their relationship, convinces june that he is not the man for her, and that she should return to her fiancé. after she leaves, ann arrives prepared to let him know she still has feelings for him. jerry, blind with jealousy, has followed ann, and when he sees her with adam, takes out a gun and fires at her. adam jumps in front of the bullet. as he lays dying, he asks jerry for the gun, which he wipes clean of fingerprints. then, just before his death, he tells ann and jerry to say that he committed suicide. morton dedicates the new research center to adam's memory.
corpus document672
dames
eccentric multimillionaire ezra ounce (hugh herbert), whose main purpose in life is raising american morals through a nationwide campaign, wants to be assured that his fortune will be inherited by upstanding relatives. he visits his cousin matilda hemingway (zasu pitts) in new york city, in horace's view the center of immorality in america. what ounce finds most offensive are musical comedy shows and the people who put them on, and it just so happens that matilda's daughter barbara (ruby keeler) is a dancer and singer in love with a struggling singer and songwriter, her 13th cousin, jimmy higgens (dick powell). on ezra's instructions, jimmy the "black sheep" has been ostracized by the family, on pain of not receiving their inheritance. matilda's husband horace (guy kibbee) meets a showgirl named mabel (joan blondell), who's been stranded in troy when her show folds, and connives her way into sleeping in horace's train compartment as a way to get back home. terrified of scandal, he leaves her some money and his business card, along with a note telling her to not mention their meeting to anyone; but when mabel discovers that horace is barbara's father, she blackmails him into backing jimmy's show.
corpus document673
dangerous corner
robert chatfield is having dinner with his wife, freda, and four of their friends: charles stanton, his business partner; ann peel, who works at their company; and robert's sister, betty, and her husband, gordon, who is another partner in the firm. as the dinner winds down, the subject of robert's brother's suicide the prior year comes up. robert's brother, martin, had died from a gunshot wound, which an investigation had ruled a suicide, brought on by his guilt over stealing some bonds from their company, of which he was also a partner. but now, during their dinner conversation, certain comments made by his companions don't add up in robert's mind. as he begins to question them, freda confesses that she had been secretly in love with martin, and ann reveals that she has been holding a torch for robert for years. it was this unspoken love which caused ann to not speak honestly at the hearing into martin's death, for she thought that it might have been robert, not martin, who stole the bonds. betty announces that she has been in love with charles, who then confesses to having stolen the bonds, in order to satisfy a debt owed by betty, even though he has been in love with ann. ann then confesses that martin did not commit suicide as everyone thought, but that she accidentally shot him. unable to deal with the guilt of all the confessions, robert leaves the room and shoots himself. after a moment, time returns to the moment that the conversation started after dinner, but this time charles begins by declaring his love for ann and asking for her hand in marriage, who accepts.
corpus document674
double door
a domineering woman, victoria van brett, tries to destroy her brother (rip)'s marriage to young anne darrow.
corpus document675
the dover road
leonard and anne drive along the lovers' road to dover, intending to embark for calais and go to paris. the car breaks down and saunders takes them to a nearby hotel, which turns out to be a residence with servants, owned by a mr. latimer. they are told they cannot leave for seven days so that they can see if a marriage between them will work. the next day, anne begins to notice things about leonard that she ignored before. another couple in the house are about to leave after seven days—leonard's wife eustasia and her lover nicholas.
corpus document676
down to their last yacht
after the stock market crash of 1929, the colt-stratton family are forced to rent out their yacht to the nouveau riche at the behest of nella fitzgerald (polly moran), including gambler barry forbes (sidney blackmer) and his sidekick freddy finn (sterling holloway). when freddy rigs the yacht's roulette wheel to respond to his saxophone, in order to raise money for linda colt-stratton (sidney fox), who has caught the eye of the gambler, he is caught, but moments later captain "sunny jim" roberts (ned sparks) runs the yacht aground on the south sea island of malakamokolu, run by queen malakamokalu (mary boland), a white woman, who takes the passengers as forced labor. tiring of them, she offers to release them if barry stays to marry her. however, once she hears freddy play his saxophone, she falls in love with him and plans to blow up the yacht with a bomb. barry manages to rescue the passengers, but not the boat, and they accept their new home in the tropics.
corpus document677
the dragon murder case
the movie features a large dragon illustration behind the opening and closing credits. monty montague disappears after diving into a natural pool of water on an estate. several people dive in, but there is no trace of him. philo vance and the district attorney come to investigate and decide to drain the pool. they are told that there were craters in the pool, and sure enough montague's body is found at the bottom of a very deep one. his body has claw marks on it, consistent with the superstition that a dragon inhabits the pool.
corpus document678
easy to love
when a woman finds out her husband is having an affair, she sets out to get even.
corpus document679
eight girls in a boat
while attending a girls' school in switzerland, young christa storm discovers she is expecting a baby. student david wants to marry her, but he is poor and christa's father objects to him as a suitable spouse. christa contemplates suicide by poison and even enjoys a final night out with friends before having a change of heart. others from the rowing team, including the coach, are unaware of christa's plight. to punish her, the coach at one point makes christa do strenuous dives and strokes in the water until she nearly collapses. all turns out well for her in the end.
corpus document680
embarrassing moments
complications arising out of an attempt to cure a practical joker by his own methods.
corpus document681
evelyn prentice
evelyn prentice, neglected wife of attorney john prentice, begins a flirtation with lawrence kennard, a poet, who turns out to be a gigolo. it also comes out that john had a brief fling with a former client. after it appears that evelyn shot kennard when he attempted to blackmail her, judith wilson, another woman, is charged with the crime. evelyn, along with their small daughter, convinces her husband to take on wilson's defense. but, as the case progresses, she becomes more and more worried that judith will be convicted. she decides she must go to court and confess. despite her husband's efforts to prevent her, evelyn blurts out that she apparently shot kennard when they struggled over the gun. john manages to get judith to confess to shooting kennard, and to convince the jury it was self-defense. once it is all over, john tells evelyn all is forgiven and forgotten.[3]
corpus document682
fashions of 1934
when the manhattan investment firm of sherwood nash (william powell) goes broke, he joins forces with his partner snap (frank mchugh) and fashion designer lynn mason (bette davis) to provide discount shops with cheap copies of paris couture dresses. lynn discovers that top designer oscar baroque (reginald owen) gets his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an established designer. sherwood realizes baroque's companion, the alleged grand duchess alix (verree teasdale), is really mabel mcguire, his old friend from hoboken, new jersey, and threatens to reveal her identity unless she convinces baroque to design the costumes of a musical revue in which she will star. baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from sherwood's crony joe ward (hugh herbert) and starts a fashion rage. sherwood then opens maison elegance, a new paris fashion house that's a great success until baroque discovers lynn is forging his sketches. he has him arrested, but sherwood convinces the police to give him time to straighten out the situation. he crashes baroque and alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the designer by publicly revealing who his bride really is unless baroque withdraws the charges. the designer agrees and purchases maison elegance from sherwood, who assures lynn he'll never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to america with him.
corpus document683
father brown, detective
when infamous jewel thief flambeau (paul lukas) steals stones from a diamond cross in father brown (walter connolly)'s church, the crime solving cleric fights to retrieve the gems, and also to save the soul of the elusive flambeau.
corpus document684
finishing school
virginia radcliff (frances dee) is enrolled at the exclusive crockett hall finishing school by her mother (billie burke), with the acquiescence of her wealthy businessman father (john halliday). miss van alstyne (beulah bondi), the head of the school, informs her new student of crockett hall's strict rules of ladylike conduct, but virginia's new roommate, cecilia ferris (ginger rogers), soon sets her straight. van alstyne and the rest of her staff do not really care what they do as long as it does not become public and stain the reputation of the school. on the weekend, cecilia (nicknamed "pony" for her love of horses) takes virginia to new york, chaperoned by a fake "aunt jessica". they meet pony's boyfriend and bill martin, a conceited college football star, in a hotel room. with her new-found independence, virginia decides to see what it feels like to get drunk. when she is, an equally-intoxicated bill tries to take advantage of her. hotel waiter ralph "mac" mcfarland rescues her, punching bill in the face. when he sees how drunk she is, mac offers to drive her back to school. on the way, she discovers he is a medical intern at a children's hospital. the hospital does not pay him, so he has to work at the hotel to make ends meet. miss van alstyne is present when mac drops virginia off. van alstyne rebukes virginia, not for being out with a handsome young man unchaperoned, but for being seen with him. their relationship turns frosty. meanwhile, virginia sees mac every chance she can, and they fall in love. at the christmas break, virginia's father is tied up with work, and her mother decides to vacation in florida, stranding her at school. pony invites her to spend the holiday at her home, but van alstyne decides to punish her rebellious student by keeping her at school. however, mac shows up secretly, and the couple sneaks away to the boathouse for a romantic evening. the camera pans away as they are kissing, but it is implied that they sleep together (a notion reinforced by virginia's later actions). a disapproving van alstyne intercepts and secretly tears up loving telegrams from mac to virginia, leaving the girl confused and heartbroken. when van alstyne insists that virginia be examined by the school doctor, virginia becomes first distraught, then defiant about what she and mac have done. van alstyne summons mrs. radcliff and notifies her that virginia is to be expelled. meanwhile, pony calls mac to inform him what is going on. he shows up and takes virginia away. at the school entrance, they run into mr. radcliff. mac informs him that he and virginia are going to get married that very day. after checking that his wife is not around, mr. radcliff offers his soon-to-be son-in-law a cigar and a congratulatory handshake.
corpus document685
fog over frisco
arlene bradford (bette davis) is a spoiled, bored, wealthy socialite who finances her extravagant lifestyle by exploiting her fiancé spencer carlton's (lyle talbot) access to her stepfather's brokerage firm and using her connection to steal security bonds for crime boss jake bello (irving pichel). when arlene disappears, her step-sister val (margaret lindsay) steps in to discover what happened to her with the help of society reporter tony sterling (donald woods) and photojournalist izzy wright (hugh herbert).
corpus document686
forsaking all others
ever since jeff williams (clark gable) was a child, he has been in love with mary clay (joan crawford). returning from madrid, spain, he wants to propose to her firsthand. however, he comes to a halt, as he finds out that she is being married to dillon 'dill' todd (robert montgomery) the very next day. the three had been friends since childhood, but no one besides the butler realized jeff's feelings. so instead, he wishes all the best for the couple. however, the next day, dill doesn't show up to the altar, as it turns out that the night before the wedding, he ran off and married connie barnes (frances drake), a woman with whom he had had an affair in europe some months before. mary quickly gets out of her wedding dress and projects strength instead of fainting. although what dill did to mary was terrible, she still has a soft spot for him. jeff and mary are invited to a party at dill and connie's house, and the two decide to attend in order to cause some havoc and shock the newlywed couple. while the tension between mary and connie is palpable, dill is shocked to see mary. dill and mary share a romantic moment outside, and connie awkwardly walks in on them. jeff tries to smooth the situation over, but connie remains furious. later, dill calls mary and jeff finds out they intend to see each other. mary knows she should not go, but the two go up to aunt paula's (billie burke) country house in phoenicia, new york. the two share a romantic day, and they profess their love for each other. dill calls his butler to tell him to pick them up tomorrow morning, but connie overhears and sets off for phoenicia. aunt paula also realizes the two are at her house, and goes there with jeff in order to prevent the scandal from getting worse. in fact, the night previously, dill accidentally burned himself, and the two did not sleep together. as connie arrives, jeff and mary pretend to be a couple, but connie does not buy it. she wants to punish dill for his perceived unfaithfulness, while aunt paula wants to avoid scandal. connie accepts a lucrative settlement and leaves for europe, thus leaving dill free to marry mary. right before the ceremony, jeff proclaims his love for mary and tells her that he is leaving on a boat back to spain. when the butler, shep (charles butterworth), tells her the cornflowers sent to her last wedding were from jeff and not dill, mary realizes she loves jeff instead. she breaks off her marriage with dill and joins jeff on the boat—when dill arrives at the wharf, the ship has already sailed.
corpus document687
four frightened people
the film tells the story of two men (marshall and gargan) and two women (colbert and boland), who leave from a plague-ridden ship and reach the malayan jungle. the relationships between the four people before they enter the jungle are examined and are transformed as they interact with natural phenomena and the natives who populate the jungle. the film also relates how each of the four people carried on in life after they emerged from the jungle.
corpus document688
frontier marshal
wandering lawman michael wyatt rides into a lawless town and runs into conflict with the local boss, doc warren.
corpus document689
gambling lady
mike lee raises his daughter lady lee to be as honest a gambler as he is. when he gets too much in debt to the underworld syndicate headed by jim fallin, he commits suicide rather than be pressured into running a crooked game. lady initially goes to work for fallin, then quits and sets out on her own when he tries to "help" her by providing a crooked dealer. longtime admirer and bookie charlie lang proposes to her, but it is persistent young garry madison, who wins her heart despite unknowingly bringing two policemen in disguise to the illegal gambling den where she is playing. she resists marrying him, fearing the reaction of his high society father, but is pleased to learn that she already knows and likes peter madison, a fellow gambler. however, peter does disapprove of the union, offering to buy her off. when she rejects his money, but meekly gives up garry, he realizes he has mistaken her motives. being a sporting man, he offers to cut cards for his son. he draws a jack, but lady picks a queen, and the young couple get married. they are happy at first, but then both feel the pangs of jealousy. when garry's old girlfriend, sheila aiken, returns from europe, he makes the mistake of greeting her too warmly. lady challenges her to a game of cards, and wins her jewelry. when charlie lang is arrested, garry refuses his wife's request for $10,000 to bail him out, so she pawns sheila's jewels to raise the money. charlie offers to reimburse her, telling her that he intends to pressure the syndicate into paying for his silence about what he knows. garry becomes incensed when lady's involvement with charlie is reported in the newspapers. he goes out to recover the pawn ticket, now in charlie's hands. garry does not return that night. the next day, two policemen inform lady that garry has been arrested for charlie's murder, having been seen arguing with him and later being found in possession of the pawn ticket. lady figures out that garry spent the night with sheila, but is unwilling to use that as an alibi. lady sees sheila, who is willing to testify, but only if lady divorces her husband and insists on $250,000 alimony. lady agrees to her terms. garry is released and the divorce is granted. both garry and peter believe at first that lady was in it for the money all along, but when peter sees her tear up the check, he realizes they were wrong. garry tricks sheila into admitting the truth, then reconciles with lady.
corpus document690
the gay bride
gold-digging chorus girl mary (carole lombard) marries the head of a bootlegging syndicate, gangster "shoots" magiz (nat pendleton), but his illegal liquor business goes down the drain when prohibition is repealed, and shoots is knocked off by rival daniel dingle (sam hardy). mary, looking for a new sugar daddy, hooks up with dingle, and when dingle is removed from the scene by mickey "the greek" mikapopoulis (leo carrillo), transfers her attention to him in return for a "trust fund." all the time, fast-talking straight-shooter jimmy "office boy" burnham (chester morris), shoots' former bodyguard and errand boy, has looked after mary, passing her advice and snappy remarks whenever needed. in the end, mary and office boy end up together but only after "merry widow mary" gives away all the dirty money she was given.[1][2]
corpus document691
the gay divorcee
mimi glossop (ginger rogers) arrives in england to seek a divorce from her geologist husband cyril glossop (william austin), whom she has not seen for several years. under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt hortense (alice brady), she consults incompetent and bumbling lawyer egbert fitzgerald (edward everett horton), once a fiancé of her aunt. he arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, rodolfo tonetti (erik rhodes). but egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. by coincidence, guy holden (fred astaire) an american dancer and friend of egbert's, who briefly met mimi on her arrival in england, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. while they are in mimi's bedroom, tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. they contrive to escape and dance the night away. in the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, cyril arrives at the door, so guy hides in the next room, while mimi and tonetti give a show of being lovers. when cyril does not believe them, guy comes out and embraces mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. it is an unwitting waiter (eric blore) who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for mimi to get a divorce and marry guy.
corpus document692
gentlemen are born
four friends, bob bailey (tone), tom martin (ross alexander), smudge casey (dick foran) and fred harper (robert light), are certain that upon their graduation from college, they will conquer the world. they face disappointment when they look for jobs, however. because of the depression, jobs are scarce and each one has many applicants. fred goes to work for his father, mr. harper (henry o'neill), a prominent stockbroker. eventually bob, who intends to become a journalist, manages to sell occasional articles to the newspaper, and tom also finds work. smudge, a star athlete, unsuccessfully looks for work as a coach. tom is in love with trudy talbot (jean muir), who moves to new york to be near him. she shares a room with susan merrill (ann dvorak), a librarian. tom invites bob to double date with him and trudy, hoping that he will become interested in susan, but bob is in love with fred's sister joan harper (margaret lindsay), even though they are of different social classes. when bob attends a boxing match on assignment from the paper, he sees smudge fighting for a few dollars. realizing that smudge is broke, susan and bob invite him for sunday breakfast. soon susan and smudge fall in love. shortly after, tom and trudy marry, as do susan and smudge. joan and bob date despite her mother's wishes that she only go out with men of her class. smudge is fired from his job as a truck driver because there is not enough work and susan loses her job because she is married. meanwhile, tom and trudy have a baby. mr. harper is implicated in a trust failure and kills himself, leaving his family in reduced circumstances. to ensure the financial security of her family, joan decides to sacrifice her own happiness and set her love for bob aside to instead accept a proposal from wealthy stephen hornblow (charles starrett). completely desperate, smudge impulsively robs a pawnshop of ten dollars in order to buy food and he is shot running away. smudge dies, but bob at least manages to keep his identity out of the papers; susan returns to her parents. when joan meets bob at tom and trudy's, where they have gone to visit the new baby, she tells him that she has changed her mind about stephen's proposal since she knows he won't make her happy. rather than worry about her family, she will follow her heart and marry bob.
corpus document693
the ghost walks
on a stormy night, a theatrical producer, his secretary, and playwright prescott ames are stranded when their car skids off the road and gets stuck. the three take refuge in the nearby home of dr. kent, a friend of ames. one of kent's patients, who is staying at the house, is acting strangely, and the others in the house tell the newcomers that she is behaving this way because it is the anniversary of her husband's murder. at dinner, the group begins exchanging accusations about the murder, when suddenly the lights go out, and soon afterwards comes the first in a series of mysterious and fearful events. the producer thinks all the strange occurrences are part of a ploy to get him to produce a play for ames. in a great line, one of the other characters exclaims "these fools think we are putting on a play for their benefit!" the usual homespun collection of storm effects, sliding panels, bumps in the night and mysterious prowlings. the standard mixture of comedy and terrors, the ghost walks is more competently staged than scripted.
corpus document694
the girl from missouri
eadie (jean harlow) runs away from her home in missouri, where her stepfather had her working as a dance partner. on the train, she tells her man-hungry friend kitty (patsy kelly) that she has ideals and plans to marry a somebody so she can accomplish something worthwhile. she lands a job as one of the chorus girls entertaining guests at a party at the mansion of wealthy frank cousins (lewis stone). there, she manages to see cousins alone; oddly, he offers her expensive gifts (including an "authentic cellini" sculpture that he keeps on his desk), but she refuses to accept them until they become engaged. she is surprised when he readily agrees. unbeknownst to her, guest t.r. paige (lionel barrymore) had just before refused to save cousins from financial ruin. after eadie leaves cousins (with the expensive cufflinks he gave her), he shoots himself. however, the evening isn't a total waste to eadie; she becomes acquainted with t.r. when she gets him to retrieve the cufflinks from her stocking before the investigating policeman can ask embarrassing questions. eadie visits her new friend at his workplace to thank him. when she says she has been fired and that she is determined to marry a rich man, an alarmed t.r. gives her some money and leaves for palm beach, florida. eadie and kitty follow and visit t.r.'s office. eadie is spotted in the waiting room by t.r.'s son tom (franchot tone). not knowing who he is, eadie tries to brush him off, but he is very persistent. eventually, she learns his identity, but remains cool to him, since it becomes clear that he is not interested in marriage. tom finally manages to get her alone in his bedroom in the paige mansion, but she defends her virtue and, to his surprise, he lets her go. tom tells his father that he wants to marry eadie, despite her disreputable past. t.r. gives his blessing, but after tom leaves, calls the district attorney. tom tells eadie they are going to get married. after he leaves however, a man sneaks into her apartment. some photographers catch her in the stranger's arms and the district attorney accuses her of stealing cousins' jewelry and jails her. when tom and his father come to see her, she tells tom that t.r. must have framed her, but tom's father is much more persuasive and tom breaks up with eadie. tom's rival, the married charlie turner, bails eadie out. for revenge, she sneaks into t.r.'s stateroom on the liner he and tom are taking to london. she emerges unexpectedly, clad only in lingerie, and embraces a surprised t.r just as photographers take his picture. having been disillusioned, eadie gets drunk and turns to charlie turner. however, kitty keeps them from being alone together as long as she can. tom arrives just in time, having changed his mind, and puts eadie in the shower to sober up. t.r. follows. to save his reputation, he has told the press she was innocent of the theft and that she was married to tom. he is also impressed by her fighting spirit. a quick wedding is arranged on the spot.
corpus document695
girl o' my dreams
larry haines (edward j. nugent) is the school's track champion. the “big man on campus”, his success goes straight to his head. his friends, spec early (sterling holloway), bobby barnes (arthur lake), and his girlfriend gwen (mary carlisle), get fed up with him, and his swollen head. they decide that he needs to get his big head deflated; so, they rig the “joe senior” college contest, so larry comes in second. they make sure don cooper (lon chaney jr.) wins; and, he begins to go out with gwen, much to the dismay of his own steady girlfriend mary (gigi parrish). it soon becomes clear that mary's not the only thing don's forgotten about. it looks like both don and larry are in such a muddle they, and, their school, are going to lose the track meet. once again, it's up to the girls to sort out the mess, and spur them on to victory.
corpus document696
glamour
an ambitious chorus girl marries an up-and-coming composer.
corpus document697
green eyes
during a masked party stephen kester (claude gillingwater) is found dead in the closet of his room, three stab wounds in his back. suspicion falls on everyone at the party, especially kester's granddaughter jean (shirley grey) and her fiancé cliff miller (william bakewell), who fled the house after disabling all of the other cars and cutting the phone lines. as inspector crofton (john wray) and detective regan (ben hendricks jr.) investigate they are shadowed and helped along by a mystery writer, bill tracy (charles starrett).
corpus document698
gridiron flash
belford college's football team is so bad, unscrupulous benefactor howard smith recruits a jailed thief, tommy "cherub" burke, after seeing him play with a football in the prison yard. tommy's parole is arranged. he joins the team, alienating other students with his behavior so much that jane thurston from the registrar's office takes a personal interest, unaware of his criminal history. the team wins every game but tommy gets restless and wants to join a gang. smith persuades him to rob the jewels of a rich couple, mr. and mrs. fields, and split the loot. tommy commits the theft but gets a guilty conscience after being bribed to lose the team's final game. he returns the stolen gems and gets back to campus in time to lead belford to one final triumph.
corpus document699
happiness ahead
joan bradford is a society heiress who rebels against her mother's choice of a future husband by masquerading as a working class girl and dating a window washer.
corpus document700
heat lightning
olga (aline macmahon) runs an isolated gas station and restaurant in the stifling hot desert somewhere in the american southwest with her discontented younger sister myra (ann dvorak). the sisters clash when olga forbids myra from going to a dance with her boyfriend steve. that same day, chance sends olga an unexpected and unwelcome customer, ex-boyfriend george (preston foster). unbeknownst to her, george and his nervous partner jeff (lyle talbot) are on the run from the police after a botched robbery that left two men dead, killed by george. initially intent on sneaking across the border to mexico, george decides to stay awhile when two jewelry-laden, wealthy divorcees, "feathers" tifton (glenda farrell) and "tinkle" ashton-ashley (ruth donnelly), are stranded there for the night by their long-suffering chauffeur frank (frank mchugh). frank pretends there is something wrong with their car so he can have a rest from driving. olga, the mechanic, plays along. when mrs. ashton-ashley becomes worried about a large mexican family spending the night nearby, olga offers to store the women's valuables in her safe. george manipulates olga's feelings, reviving the love she once felt for him. though she knows better and tries to resist, she eventually succumbs to his charms, and they sleep together. this gives myra the opportunity to sneak away to meet steve. myra returns later that night, terribly upset after having been taken advantage of by steve. when olga starts berating her for going off with her boyfriend, she responds by revealing she saw george leaving olga's bedroom. the two miserable women then comfort each other. meanwhile, george orders jeff to open the safe. jeff is reluctant to cause trouble for olga, but gives in when george pulls out his gun. olga overhears george say he slept with her just to set up the theft. she gets her pistol and shoots him. as he lays dying, he apologizes to her. olga lets jeff go.
corpus document701
here comes the navy
riveter "chesty" o'conner (james cagney) and his best friend, "droopy" (frank mchugh), join the us navy to annoy o'connor's nemesis, chief petty officer "biff" martin (pat o'brien). o'conner gets himself court-martialled for being awol while visiting martin's sister dorothy (gloria stuart). disgruntled at his treatment, o'connor angrily derides the navy and finds himself ostracized by his fellow sailors. during gunnery practice, o'conner helps put out a fire in a gun room and receives the navy cross medal, but is still determined to get out of the navy. later. o'conner transfers to the us naval air service and is assigned to the rigid airship uss macon. when the macon tries to dock, martin is accidentally caught on a guide rope and is hoisted into the air. [note 1] despite orders, o'conner climbs down the rope and saves martin's life by parachuting both of them to the ground. later, at the wedding of o'conner to dorothy, martin finds out that o'conner has been promoted to boatswain and now outranks him.
corpus document702
hi nellie!
newspaper editor brad (paul muni) learns that the head of the governor's investigating committee, frank j. canfield, has disappeared, along with a large sum of money. he refuses to print the story on the front page of the newspaper, because there is no proof that canfield, an honest and prominent lawyer, fled with the missing funds. when every other newspaper in the city features the story, the newspaper's owner, graham (berton churchill), reprimands brad for the missing story and fires him. brad says that his contract does not allow him to be fired, so graham decides to make him write the lonely hearts column. brad is furious, but has no choice but to accept the position. he also decides to keep an eye on the frank j. canfield story. the current writer of the column, gerry (glenda farrell), who herself was demoted to the position by brad, is delighted by the news. when gerry accuses him of having no guts because he cannot handle the job, brad puts his skills to work, and the column becomes very popular. one day, rosa marinello comes to the newspaper's office, looking for nellie nelson, brad's pseudonym for the column. she ask nellie to intervene on her behalf, because her undertaker father no longer wants her to marry her fiancé. when brad learns that canfield was last seen at the same address where rosa lives, he agrees to go. brad finds out that gangster brownell (robert barrat) attended a funeral around the time of canfield's disappearance. brad later discovers that canfield was framed and murdered by his rival. brad advises brownell to dig up canfield's body and transfer it to another grave, and gets a photograph of the body and takes it to his newspaper. brownell is arrested and tried for murder. canfield is cleared, and brad is reinstated as the newspaper's editor.
corpus document703
hide-out
a womanizing racketeer (montgomery) is wounded by police and hides out in a farmhouse, where he falls in love with a country girl (o'sullivan) and meets her wholesome family.
corpus document704
hips, hips, hooray!
todd stars as amelia frisby, the owner of a beauty supply business. andy williams (wheeler) and dr. bob dudley (woolsey) convince her to hire them as salesman to promote her new flavored lipstick, and hilarity ensues. the film features etting singing "keep romance alive" and bert wheeler and dorothy lee singing "keep on doin' what you're doin'" by bert kalmar and harry ruby.
corpus document705
hollywood party
jungle movie star "schnarzan" (durante), a character in parody of tarzan, is advised by his manager he needs new lions for his pictures, as his old ones are "worn out". at a wild hollywood party with many varied guests, including a "lion provider", hilarity ensues. after it all gets out of hand, schnarzan awakens to find he is just plain old durante, who had a strange dream.[3]
corpus document706
the house of rothschild
in 1780 in frankfort, prussia, youngster nathan rothschild warns his parents amschel and guttle that the taxman is coming. they hurry and hide their wealth, including currency, silver, etc. the taxman demands 20,000 gulden, an exorbitant sum, but accepts a bribe of 5000 in exchange for assessing 2000 in taxes. nathan's satisfaction is short-lived, however; a courier bringing him 10,000 gulden is intercepted and the money confiscated by the taxmen. nathan tells his sons that he tries to be as honest as possible, but the antisemitic authorities will not let him; he admonishes his children to acquire money, for "money is power" and a defense for their people. later, as mayer rothschild is lying on his deathbed, he instructs his five sons to start banks in different countries across europe: amschel in frankfort, salomon mayer von rothschild in vienna, nathan in london, carl in rome, and james in paris. that way, they can avoid having to send gold back and forth as the need arises, for in war they are in danger of being robbed by the enemy and in peace by their own countrymen. instead, they can draw on each other's banks. thirty-two years later, the sons have established banking houses. then france overruns europe in the napoleonic wars. austrian prince metternich asks salomon to raise 15 million florins to help defeat napoleon. the other brothers are approached with similar requests. even in france itself, talleyrand asks for 50 million francs. nathan refuses to loan the british government five million pounds (on top of previous loans) to hold off the enemy, but offers the duke of wellington twice that amount to smash him. after the war is won, wellington is disappointed to find that nathan rothschild has not even been invited to a party in the duke's honour. he insists on going to see nathan. his aide, captain fitzroy, knows the address, as he is in love with nathan's daughter, julie, and vice versa. while there, wellington tells nathan that the victorious powers are going to make a very large loan to france to help it recover from the war. the winning underwriter will become the most powerful and prestigious bank in europe. nathan's bid is the best, but is rejected in favor primarily of barings bank. when nathan demands to know the reason, prussian count ledrantz (despite having himself sought a war loan from the rothschilds) explains it was discarded on a "technicality", because nathan is a jew. nathan surmises that the quarter of the loan not awarded to barings will fall to ledrantz, metternich and talleyrand, who stand to make enormous profits. nathan outmanoeuvres them financially, bringing them to the brink of ruin and dishonour; they capitulate and surrender to him the entire loan. however, this has somewhat embittered him. where once he accepted julie's choice, he now tells the non-jewish fitzroy to stay away from her. anti-jewish riots break out all over prussia, instigated by ledrantz. nathan returns to frankfort and, under pressure from his own people, agrees to submit to ledrantz. however, before he can, he receives word that napoleon has escaped from exile. nathan's brothers, fearful of their positions, want to support the restored french dictator. however, nathan refuses to do so. with ledrantz and others once again desperately in need of financial support, he extracts a treaty from them granting jews rights, freedoms and dignity long denied them. he also tells fitzroy that he can once again see julie. with napoleon seemingly invincible, nathan determines to risk all in support of the allies. just before he is bankrupted, he receives word that wellington has won the battle of waterloo, and he is not only saved, he becomes the richest man in the world and a baron.
corpus document707
housewife
nan reynolds (ann dvorak) struggles to run the household on her meek husband bill's (george brent) meager salary as an office manager. she urges him to apply for better jobs elsewhere, but he is disinclined to take risks, and his lack of ambition is placing a strain on their marriage. pat berkeley (bette davis), who attended high school with nan and bill, is hired by his firm as an advertising copywriter, and her success prompts nan to coerce her husband into asserting himself with his boss. when he fails to spark any interest with his ideas, bill succumbs to his wife's suggestion that he start his own agency using the money she has managed to save. spurred by nan, he steals a major client from his former firm and hires pat to help him handle it. complications arise when the feelings the two had for each other years before are reignited and they embark upon an affair. nan becomes aware of their relationship but chooses to ignore it. bill announces he wants a divorce. when nan refuses to grant him one, he angrily leaves the house and accidentally hits their son buddy (ronnie cosby) with the car, seriously injuring him. months pass, buddy recovers, and bill and nan's divorce is in its final stages. hearing nan's court testimony, bill realizes how good she is as a wife and mother and how much he loves and needs her, and the two decide to reconcile.
corpus document708
i am a thief
ricardo cortez plays a jewel dealer who hopes to provoke, and catch, an international jewel thief, so he transports the famous karenina diamonds from paris across europe to istanbul on the orient express, along with a trainload of suspicious characters.
corpus document709
i've got your number
switchboard operator marie lawson (joan blondell) is conned by admirer nicky (gordon westcott), who tells her it is just a practical joke, into redirecting a phone call. however, nicky uses what he learns to his own benefit, costing the intended recipient a lot of money. when the victim complains to marie's boss, telephone repairmen terry riley (pat o'brien) and john (allen jenkins) are called in to see if the phone was tapped. when it is found not to be, marie loses her job. terry is attracted to marie and eventually talks her into a date. he also gets her hired by businessman john p. schuyler (henry o'neill), whom he had earlier saved from a live electrical wire. when marie runs into nicky later, she lets slip that her new employer is expecting a delivery of $90,000 in bonds. as a result, nicky is able to fool the courier into thinking he is schuyler and giving him the bonds while marie is distracted by a flood of calls from his accomplices. when she realizes what has happened, she goes looking for nicky, but this only serves to make her look guilty. terry is questioned by the police and then released so he can lead them to her hiding place. it works and she is arrested. when an expensive lawyer shows up on her behalf, terry becomes suspicious and taps his line with john's reluctant help. finally, he is able to trace a call to where nicky and his gang are hiding out. when he goes there, he is easily caught and placed in a bedroom after the phone is ripped out. however, he is not searched. he hooks up a spare phone he has and is able to contact john to bring help. the crooks are captured. terry and marie get married, but on their wedding night, many of terry's co-workers show up to "repair" their phone.
corpus document710
imitation of life
white widow bea pullman (claudette colbert) and her toddler daughter jessie (juanita quigley), take in black housekeeper delilah johnson (louise beavers) and her daughter peola (sebie hendricks), whose fair complexion conceals her mixed-race ancestry. bea exchanges room and board for work, although struggling to make ends meet. delilah and peola quickly become like family to jessie and bea. they particularly enjoy delilah's pancakes, made from a special family recipe. bea finds it difficult to make a living selling maple syrup, as her husband had done. using her wiles to get a storefront on the busy atlantic city boardwalk refurbished for practically nothing, she opens a pancake restaurant, where delilah cooks in the front window. five years later, bea makes her last payment to the furniture man and is debt-free. jessie (marilyn knowlden) and peola (dorothy black) have proven to be challenging children to raise: jessie is demanding, not particularly studious, relying instead on her charm. she is the first person to call peola "black" in a hurtful way, hinting that their childhood idyll is doomed. peola does not tell her classmates at school that she is "colored" and is humiliated when her mother shows up one day, revealing her secret. later, at the suggestion of a passerby, elmer smith (ned sparks), bea sets up an even more successful pancake flour corporation, marketing delilah as an aunt jemima-like product mascot. she offers delilah a 20% interest in her family recipe, but childlike, delilah refuses and continues to act as bea's housekeeper and factotum, the shares held presumably in trust. bea becomes wealthy from her business. ten years later, the two older women are confronted with problems. eighteen-year-old jessie (rochelle hudson), home on college vacation, falls in love with her mother's boyfriend, stephen archer (warren william), who is unaware at first of her affections. meanwhile, peola (fredi washington), seeking more opportunities in the segregated society, passes as white, identifying with her european ancestry and breaking delilah's heart. leaving her negro college, peola takes a job as a cashier in a whites only restaurant. when her mother and bea track her down, she is humiliated to be identified as black. she finally tells her mother that she is going away, never to return, so she can pass as a white woman without the fear that delilah will show up. her mother is heartbroken and takes to her bed, murmuring peola's name and forgiving her before eventually succumbing to heartbreak. the black servants sing a spiritual as she dies, with bea holding her hand at the end. delilah's last wish had been for a large, grand funeral, complete with a marching band and a horse-drawn hearse. bea sees to it that delilah is given the funeral she wished for, and, just before the processional begins, a remorseful, crying peola appears, begging her dead mother to forgive her. peola returns to her negro college and presumably embraces her african descent. bea breaks her engagement with stephen, not wanting to hurt her daughter's feelings by being with him, but promises to find him after jessie is over her infatuation with him. ultimately, bea embraces jessie, remembering the girl's insistent demands for her toy duck (her "quack quack") when she was a toddler.
corpus document711
in old santa fe
a cowboy named kentucky ken (ken maynard) and his sidekick, cactus (george "gabby" hayes), meet a beautiful woman named lila miller (evalyn knapp) when her car accidentally goes off the road. lila's father, charlie miller (h. b. warner), owns the dude ranch where ken and cactus intend to enter their prize horse tarzan in a gruelling canyon race. two other men, chandler and tracy, have also arrived for the race. they are also plotting to blackmail charlie, who has a secret criminal past, for half of his gold mine and ranch operation earnings. chandler also hopes that his blackmail scheme will force charlie into granting him permission to marry lila, who is showing a definite interest in ken. charlie refuses to be bullied, however, and claims he was innocent of the crime. before the race, chandler and tracy trick the gambling-prone cactus into a wager in which tarzan will be the prize if ken loses the race. to assure their victory, tracy sets up a trip-wire on the course, which injures tarzan and allows tracy to win the race. after he discovers the broken wire and suspects foul play, ken refuses to give up his horse to chandler. shamed by his foolish behavior, cactus vows to identify the saboteur, whose boot prints he discovers in the ground near the wire. meanwhile, tracy double-crosses chandler by robbing the ranch stagecoach carrying a shipment of charlie's gold. during the robbery, the driver is killed. ken, who is trying to catch the bandits, is jailed for the crime after tracy implicates him to the sheriff. with the help of cactus and tarzan, ken escapes from jail and arrives at the ranch just as chandler shoots tracy. again, ken is suspected of the killing. after cactus arrives with proof that tracy's boots match the prints found on the racecourse, ken tricks chandler into a confession by claiming he possesses a damning note left by tracy. the sheriff reveals to chandler that charlie came to him about the blackmail attempt and that, unknown to chandler, whose real name is monte korber, charlie had been pardoned of the earlier crime years before. with his reputation at last clear, ken is free to court lila, who has always loved him.
corpus document712
it happened one night
spoiled heiress ellen "ellie" andrews has eloped with pilot and fortune-hunter king westley against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father, alexander andrews. andrews wants to have the marriage annulled because he knows westley is really only interested in her money. jumping ship in florida, she runs away and boards a greyhound bus to new york city to reunite with her husband. she meets fellow bus passenger peter warne, a freshly out-of-work newspaper reporter. soon warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: if she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with westley. if not, he will tell her father where she is. ellie agrees to the first choice. as they go through several adventures together, ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love. when they have to hitchhike, they fail to secure a ride until ellie displays a shapely leg to danker, the next driver. when they stop en route, danker tries to steal their luggage but peter chases him down and seizes his model t. nearing the end of their journey, ellie confesses her love to peter. when the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that peter's car is gone, they expel ellie. believing peter has deserted her, ellie telephones her father, who agrees to let her marry westley. meanwhile, peter has obtained money from his editor to marry ellie, but he misses her on the road. although ellie has no desire to be with westley, she believes peter has betrayed her for the reward money and agrees to have a second, formal wedding. on the wedding day, she finally reveals the whole story to her father. when peter comes to ellie's home, andrews offers him the reward money, but peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $39.60 for items he had had to sell to buy gasoline. when ellie's father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior and demands to know if he loves her, peter first tries to dodge the questions, but then admits he loves ellie and storms out. westley arrives for his wedding via autogyro; but at the ceremony, andrews reveals to his daughter peter's refusal of the reward money, and tells her that her car is waiting by the back gate in case she changes her mind about going through with the wedding. ellie dumps king westley at the altar and bolts for her car, driving away as the newsreel cameras crank. a few days later, andrews is working at his desk when king westley calls to tell him he is taking the financial settlement he was offered and won't contest the annulment. his executive assistant brings him a telegram from peter, which says, "what's holding up the annulment, you slowpoke? the walls of jericho are toppling!", referring to a makeshift wall made of a blanket over a wire tied across the rooms they slept in between them to give them privacy. with the annulment in hand, andrews sends the reply, "let 'em topple." in the last scene, we see peter's battered model t parked in a motor court in glen falls, michigan. the mom and pop owners of the motor court talk, wondering why on such a warm night the newlyweds – he had seen the marriage license – wanted a clothesline, an extra blanket, and the little tin trumpet he had gotten for them. as they look at the cabin, the toy trumpet sounds a fanfare, the blanket falls to the floor, and the lights in the cabin go out.
corpus document713
it's a gift
after he inherits some money, harold bissonette (mispronounced by his pompous wife as "biss-on-ay") decides to give up the grocery business, move to california and run an orange grove. despite his family's objections and the news that the land he bought is worthless, bissonette packs up and drives out to california with his nagging wife amelia (kathleen howard), self-involved daughter mildred (jean rouverol) and bothersome son norman (tommy bupp). as they pass several prosperous orange groves, his wife softens and figures he made a good purchase. the information about the orange grove is confirmed: his barren plot contains only a tumbledown shack, and a tumbleweed. disgusted, his wife and family are walking out on him. as he sits down on the car's running board, the car collapses under his weight. however, just when harold is about to lose all hope, his luck takes a dramatic turn: a neighbor informs him that a developer is desperate to acquire his land in order to build a grandstand for a race track. finally standing up for himself, and to his nagging wife, harold holds out for a large sum of money (including a commission for the friendly neighbor), as well as a demand that the developer buy him an orange grove like the one in the brochure he has been carrying throughout the film. the film ends with harold sitting at an outdoor breakfast table squeezing orange juice into a glass, while his happy family takes off for a ride in their new car. the now-contented harold pours a flask of booze into the small amount of orange juice in the glass. the film is a chronicle of the " many titanic struggles between harold bissonnette and the universe. there will be battle of wills between father and daughter, between male and female, between man and a variety of uncontrollable objects."[3] the plot is almost secondary to the series of routines which make up the film. over the course of the picture, harold fails to prevent a blind customer (and baby leroy) from turning his store into a disaster area; attempts to share a bathroom mirror with his self-centered, high-pitched gargling daughter; has a destructive picnic on private property; and in the film's lengthy centerpiece, is driven to sleep on the porch by his haranguing wife, and is kept awake all night by neighbors (including further trouble with the mother of the baby who caused damage in his grocery store), salesmen, and assorted noises and calamities. a well-known, and often somewhat misquoted fields comment occurs at the climax of the film, as harold is haggling with the developer, who angrily claims that harold is drunk. harold responds, "yeah, and you're crazy; and i'll be sober tomorrow and ... you'll be crazy for the rest of your life!" the windfall for fields' character and the resultant happy ending of this film echo the climax of his earlier 1934 release, man on the flying trapeze.
corpus document714
jealousy
an insanely jealous boxer murders his manager when he finds him alone with his fiancee, but she is the one charged with the crime by the police.[1]
corpus document715
jimmy the gent
the unscrupulous jimmy corrigan (james cagney), runs an agency that searches for heirs of those who have died without leaving a will, and often provides phony claimants in order to collect his fee. when his former girlfriend joan martin (bette davis), who left him to due his lack of ethics, accepts a position at the allegedly legitimate firm owned by charles wallingham (alan dinehart), corrigan investigates wallingham's background and discovers his rival is even more duplicitous than he is. he exposes wallingham as a phony and promises to go straight if joan will come back to him.
corpus document716
journal of a crime
francoise is a jealous wife who spies on her playwright husband, paul, one evening after a play and overhears him and his lover odette, the star of the show, quarreling in the street about him leaving his wife. he protests because he does not want to hurt his wife. paul comes home at 3am and finds that francoise has waited up for him. unbeknownst to him, she is distressed at the news and pretends that she knows nothing of the affair. she attempts to seduce him but fails. the more he tries to tell her that he's leaving her, she becomes increasingly agitated, speaking more rapidly as she backs out the door and leaves him alone in the bedroom. the next morning, francoise sees a lawyer to find out how she can keep paul from divorcing her and learns that there is nothing legally she can do to compel him to stay. that night at the theater, paul tries to tell odette why he was not able to tell francoise he is leaving her. she is upset as he has promised and failed at this before. he promises to leave francoise that night and odette tells him that she will not kiss him again until he has left. later during the rehearsel, a shot rings and odette falls to the floor dead. the police are summoned and arrest castelli, a man who had robbed a bank and killed a teller earlier that day and hid in the theater. however, he swears that he does not know odette and he did not kill her. as paul leaves the theater, he finds his own gun tossed into a fire bucket full of water and immediately knows that his wife committed the murder. later that evening, he confronts her and calls her a fiend. she tells him that she intends not to say anything and at first he threatens to turn her in to the police. instead he tells her that he will stay and keep her secret to watch her fall apart. over the months, françoise becomes weighted down by her guilt. when she learns that castelli has been sentenced to death for the murder of odette, she goes to the district attorney and asks for permission to see the condemned man. her request is granted and she confesses to him that she murdered odette. he tells her that she should go away and to never mention it again, he would have been executed for killing the bank teller anyway. six month later paul tells francoise that she is the only person suffering more than him but as long as she won't confess, she will continue to die inside. later, paul tells her that she is the only person who can help herself. she then decides to turn herself in for the murder. paul says that he will stand by her throughout her upcoming ordeal. on her way to the attorney general's office, she saves a boy from being killed by a truck, but she gets hit instead and sustains a critical head injury. the doctor tells paul that while francoise will live, she has lost her memory of her entire life and how to do basic functions such as feeding herself, their names and her entire life history. this includes her murder and subsequent guilt. paul takes francoise to the south of france and helps her recuperate, as he is convinced that this is god's plan.
corpus document717
judge priest
judge priest is an eccentric judge in a small kentucky town. although his wife died 19 years before the film takes place, he shows no interest in remarrying. he sometimes stumbles his words, but he shows his wit throughout the film. the judge, despite all his talk of being a confederate veteran, finds his best friend to be the black jeff poindexter, portrayed by stepin fetchit. judge priest has pride in his tolerance for others.
corpus document718
kansas city princess
rosie sturges (joan blondell) is a kansas city manicurist, who has a gangster boyfriend name dynamite carson (robert armstrong). rosie's friend marie callahan (glenda farrell) a fellow manicurist and roommate, urges rosie to drop dynamite and go after the three things a girl really needs "money, fur and diamonds". while dynamite is away on business, rosie goes on a date with a customer, jimmy the duke (gordon westcott) and he steals the diamond engagement ring dynamite gave to rosie. fearing dynamite's anger, rosie and marie travel by train to new york and disguises themselves as girl scouts of america. in new york, rosie and marie meet two businessmen, samuel warren (hobart cavanaugh) and jim cameron (t. roy barnes) and follow them on board a ship bound for paris. rosie and marie persuade the two men into paying for their ship fares and also buying them new clothes. dynamite, who has followed the women to new york and on board the ship, is hiding in the stateroom of millionaire junior ashcraft (hugh herbert). junior has hired detective marcel duryea (osgood perkins) to investigate his wife, who is having an affair in paris with dr. sascha pilnakoff (ivan lebedeff). rosie and marie learn that a millionaire is on board the ship, and they pose as french manicurists to enter his room. when dynamite exposes them, they fall into hysterics. junior decides to give them a check to calm them down, and repay samuel and jim for the fare. in paris, marcel reports to junior, and rosie agrees to pose as dr. sascha's lover to make junior's wife jealous. marcel, who is in league with junior's wife, double-crosses him. however, instead of his wife finding rosie with dr. sascha, she finds junior with marie instead. junior decides to get a divorce and marry marie and rosie promised dynamite to return to kansas city with him.
corpus document719
the key
captain bill tennant (william powell) is a british officer stationed in dublin in 1920. tennant has a history with norah, the wife of his friend, british intelligence officer captain andrew kerr. tennant's first assignment is to capture a notorious sinn féin member, peadar conlan. his first attempt is a failure, and kerr is ordered to relieve tennant overnight. norah is frightened by his assignment and begs him not to go. after kerr leaves, we see a flashback to when tennant and norah were involved, several years before. kerr leads the search for conlan. he finds and captures him. when he arrives home very late, norah is still up, and still dressed. tennant is also there and insists they must tell kerr. tennant leaves and norah tries to explain that there was always someone else between them, and that someone was tennant. kerr rushes out, despite her pleadings that he'll be killed. tennant sees him leave and goes after him. conlan is sentenced to hang by the british military. shortly after, kerr is spotted and followed. he's captured by an angry mob. when tennant arrives at the military post the next morning, he finds norah waiting there for news of her husband. she tells him that she no longer loves him, that he's "three years too late". a messenger arrives from sinn féin. he claims to be a peacemaker, and tells the general kerr will be released if conlan is. but the general tells him conlan will be hanged at 6:00 a.m. the next morning. norah begs the general to comply, but the general refuses. tennant tries to bargain for kerr's life, but is told nothing will do except the release of conlan. he returns to hq and, against orders, goes into the general's office, breaks into his desk, and forges a release for conlan. kerr is also released. the next morning the crowd celebrates conlan's release. tennant's forgery is discovered, and kerr is distressed to find his friend has committed career suicide to free him. in their final meeting, tennant tells kerr that norah's seeing tennant again, coupled with kerr's disappearance, has caused the scales to fall from her eyes, and caused her to realize she really loves her husband.
corpus document720
kid millions
in new york city, 1934, jazz singer dot clark and her shady gangster boyfriend, louie the lug ("an earful of music"), are introduced. after having an affair with the deceased professor edward wilson, dot is now technically his common-law wife and heiress to $77 million. she has to go to egypt to claim the money, and sets off with louie in hopes of getting the cash. former assistant to edward wilson, gerald lane, informs the law offices of benton, loring, and slade of professor wilson's death and the fact that edward's son, eddie wilson, jr, is the rightful heir to the money. mr. slade, the lawyer, goes to a barge in brooklyn where eddie is living with his adopted father, pops, an old stevedore, and his three sons, oscar, adolph, and herman, who roughhouse eddie. however, eddie is managing to live a nice life nonetheless, with his girlfriend, nora 'toots', and his care for all the kids on the barge. he dreams of the day when he will have enough money to live his own life outside of the dirty barge ("when my ship comes in"). moments later, eddie is informed that he has inherited the $77 million and boards a ship bound for egypt to claim the money. aboard the ship is colonel henry larrabee, a gentleman from virginia who sponsored eddie, sr's exploration endeavors and wants a share of the money, as well. eddie befriends his beautiful niece, joan, and dot and louie realize that they are not the only ones traveling to egypt. in an elaborate scheme to trick eddie into signing over the inheritance, dot disguises herself as eddie's mother and almost succeeds in duping him, but louie ruins the plan at the last minute. meanwhile, gerald lane has boarded the ship and he is revealed to be in love with joan larrabee. in the ship's bar, the colonel, gerald, and louie realize they are all traveling for the same reason, and gerald calls colonel larrabee a liar. joan overhears and becomes angry with him, much to jerry's dismay. louie tries to get eddie to hand over the cash by trying to bump him off by pushing him off the ship's deck in a wheelchair. the duo thinks they have succeeded in getting rid of eddie, but they are foiled again. eddie tries to help jerry win back joan, and suggests they rehearse a number for the ship's concert the next evening. they rehearse ("your head on my shoulder"), but joan is still frosty toward him. at the ship's concert, jerry, eddie, dot, joan, and members of the chorus perform a big minstrel show number featuring a specialty tap by the nicholas brothers ("mandy n' me"). the ship lands in alexandria, egypt, and joan is still angry with jerry. eddie, still convinced that dot is his mother and louie is his uncle, wants to see a magician performing at the ship's port. when the magician taunts louie and calls him a coward, louie gets in the magic basket and ends up getting beaten by egyptian slaves. eddie chases a little dog running through the marketplace and lands literally in the lap of the sheikh's daughter, princess fanya, who falls instantly in love with eddie. she forces him to come with her back to the palace, where eddie meets her father, sheikh mulhulla, and her fiancé, ben ali, who is extremely jealous. fanya hyperbolizes the encounter with the dog, saying that eddie saved her from a lion's attack instead of a puppy. eddie then is invited to stay at the palace, much to fanya's delight. however, soon sheikh mulhulla learns of the americans being in egypt who have come to take the $77 million treasure that he believes is rightfully his. he tells eddie about this and eddie begins to worry about his mother and his uncle, along with the others. in a comical scene, the sheikh and eddie smoke a hookah pipe and the sheikh tells him of the affair he is having with a famous dancer who lives in the village. the harem women try to seduce eddie, but he is steadfast to remain faithful to nora 'toots' ("okay toots"). princess fanya has a plot to get eddie to marry her, and she tells her father that eddie kissed her on the camel when they first met. the sheikh then decrees that eddie must marry fanya or die, and has him suspended over a large bowl of soup. eddie then agrees to marry fanya, and is kept in a room on a dog collar until the next morning, when ben ali comes in with a gun in a jealous rage. eddie convinces ben ali that he does not want to marry fanya, and ben ali is convinced and lets him go. however, joan, jerry, the colonel, dot, and louie arrive at the palace and are immediately accosted by the guards. in the tomb, eddie and the men disguise themselves as the spirits of the sheikh's ancestors and tell him to let the americans go free. the sheikh is so scared by the prophecies, he agrees to let them go on one condition: eddie will never be able to see fanya ever again. he agrees and boards a plane home to new york city, where he uses the inheritance to open a free ice cream factory with toots, thus realizing their lifelong dream ("ice cream fantasy finale").
corpus document721
king kelly of the u.s.a.
james w. kelly (guy robertson) and his pal happy moran (edgar kennedy) are taking their all-girl-dancing troupe across the ocean to tour europe, when kelly and the mysterious catherine bell (irene ware), fall for each other, literally. when their backers pull out, happy and kelly manage to scrounge enough dough to get the girls back home; but, find themselves broke, in europe, in a tiny country where the gdp is measured in mops. as a crooner, kelly tries to sell enough mops, with a radio show, to pull the kingdom out of bankruptcy, and win princess tania, aka catherine bell, from their shipboard romance. time is running out, as prince alexis, (william orlamond), invades, from the neighbouring country, to seize the castle and marry the princess. their only defence is the women and their “personality mops”, when the army quits, over back wages; and, kelly is being marched off in front of a firing squad.
corpus document722
ladies should listen
the switchboard operator anna mirelle (frances drake) in an apartment building falls in love with businessman julian de lussac (cary grant), who lives in the building, whom she has gotten to know only over the phone. when she discovers that the man's current girlfriend marguerite (rosita moreno) is actually part of a scheme to swindle him out of an option of a nitrate mine concession in chile he bought, she devises a plot to save him and expose the con artist, marguerite's husband ramon cintos (rafael corio). de lussac's friend paul vernet (edward everett horton), who is in love with millionaire's daughter susie flamberg (nydia westman), has to face a great jealous rage, as susie has fallen in love with de lussac and has brought in her father to force him into marrying her. he will come out of it by giving vernet a lesson on how he should act with susie to impress her. de lussac gets rid of marguerite and ends up with anna.
corpus document723
lady by choice
alabam lee (carole lombard) is given a suspended sentence by judge daly (walter connolly). to help improve her image, her publicist front o'malley (raymond walburn) comes up with the zany idea of "adopting" a mother. her manager, charlie kendall (arthur hohl), thinks it is a great idea, so they head off to the nearest old ladies home with newspaper reporters and photographers in tow. there, alabam recognizes "patsy" patterson (may robson) and chooses her. patsy, who much prefers living on the street and drinking to her heart's content, has been unwillingly placed in the home by judge daly and lawyer johnny mills (roger pryor); the latter was asked by his now-deceased father to look after patsy. patsy is touched by alabam's kind nature, and starts to reform both herself and her new daughter. she curtails her drinking and finds out that kendall has been skimming off most of alabam's nightclub salary; alabam fires kendall as a result. patsy gets in a crap game and wins $7000, which she passes off as an inheritance. the money comes in handy, as alabam is now out of work. she also gets alabam to take acting, dancing, and elocution lessons, while she goes to see theatrical producer david opper (henry kolker). it turns out that patsy was once a star whose success made opper a lot of money many years ago. opper reluctantly agrees to give alabam an audition, but she fails to impress him. when johnny drops by to see how patsy is doing in her new surroundings, he meets alabam and soon falls in love with her. seeing that he is wealthy, alabam decides the best way to provide for her now-uncertain future is to extract as much "loan" money as she can from him. when patsy realizes what her protegee is doing, the two women quarrel, and patsy walks out of alabam's life. johnny asks alabam to marry him, then tells her that his mother has promised to disown him and leave him a poor man if they marry. alabam, who has fallen in love despite herself, is relieved; now nobody will think she is marrying him for his money. after patsy and johnny's mother have been to judge daly asking him to stop this relationship, judge daly calls alabam into his office and threatens to unsuspend her sentence, but she is unfazed. however, when he tells her that johnny's career and social standing will be ruined by her past, she gives up. she goes back to kendall. patsy, who was initially also opposed to the marriage, changes her mind when she sees that alabam is really in love. she reveals to alabam that she was once in the same situation with johnny's father. they broke up, but patsy has regretted it ever since and does not want the younger woman to repeat her mistake. alabam's fan dance at the nightclub is interrupted by the police, who take her to judge daly's office, where she is confronted by daly, patsy, and johnny. alabam gives in and embraces johnny.
corpus document724
laughing boy
slim girl is an indian maiden raised by whites, who call her "lily." many members of the navajo tribe shun her, believing slim girl to be leading an improper life, perhaps even as a prostitute. a silversmith, laughing boy, is seduced by her. after losing a horse race, he challenges rival red man to a wrestling match and wins. this impresses slim girl, who expresses her desire for him. she returns to her previous intimate relationship, however, with george hartshone, a rich rancher. one day, slim girl seeks out laughing boy, becomes his lover and persuades him to marry her. but when she goes to town to sell his silver goods, laughing boy follows and finds her in hartshone's arms. he aims a bow and arrow at hartshone, but ends up killing slim girl instead.
corpus document725
the lawless frontier
the movie opens with a family shooting from the window of their home, as they are robbed of their cattle. john tobin (john wayne) arrives home later that night and discovers his family killed and their cattle missing. tobin sets out in search of pandro zanti (earl dwire), the local bandito, for all appearances a stereotypical mexican outlaw, though the script is twice careful to tell us he is half white and half apache and only pretends to be mexican. zanti plans to kidnap ruby (sheila terry) for his lusty needs. this is an unusual villainous trait for 1930s matinee westerns, aimed at young audiences who expected villains to be claim jumpers and killers, not rapists. ruby and her father, dusty (george "gabby" hayes), hightail it out of there before she falls victim of the killer, escaping by a clever ruse (hiding in a large gunny sack) in which ruby almost that drowns in a river. tobin, tracking his family's killers, rescues the sack containing ruby, and she, dusty, and tobin join forces. sheriff luke williams (jack rockwell) immediately takes credit for capturing zanti when tobin brings him in; he also arrests tobin for the murder of dusty, who took a knife in the back and collapsed. later it is discovered dusty only received a superficial wound and was knocked out. the sheriff, however, makes a series of mistakes, including handcuffing a bad guy's boot to a bed, so that all he has to do is take off his boot to escape, especially when tobin made of point of telling williams that zanti can probably get loose. a chase across the desert, partly on foot, ensues, with tobin going after zanti. the villain drinks from a desert watering hole, but in his fatigued state he does not see the sign marked "poison. do not drink." he dies soon after. with the chief villain now out of the picture, there is more hard riding and shooting, as ruby and tobin flee from zanti's gang. when the happy ending finally arrives, tobin becomes the new sheriff, replacing the inept williams.
corpus document726
the lemon drop kid
con artist and racetrack tout wally brooks hands a lemon drop to a man in a wheelchair, saying it will cure whatever ails him, then persuades the man, a millionaire named griggsby, to bet $100 on a horse. wally knows this horse can't win and intends to pocket the cash. the horse does win, so wally and his partner dunhill, alias "the professor," take it on the lam. laying low in an out-of-the-way place, wally meets town drunk jonas deering and his beautiful daughter alice. a love affair blossoms and they marry, but when alice is about to give birth and having serious medical problems, wally needs money so he robs mr. potter, her boss. alice dies in childbirth. a despondent wally shuns his own son, wally jr., and isn't sure where to turn next. the professor marries longtime girlfriend maizie and offers to raise wally jr., and even better, griggsby shows up, claiming the lemon drop did help his arthritis. he volunteers to become wally jr.'s legal guardian and gives wally some money, minus what the bet on his horse would have won.
corpus document727
let's talk it over
a sailor rescues a young heiress who is apparently drowning. little does he know she was only pretending to catch the eye of another man.
corpus document728
limehouse blues
the film starts in a riverfront slum in limehouse. the lily gardens, a local club, is owned by chinese-american immigrant harry young. young uses the club as a center of operations for his lucrative smuggling operation. young is a recent arrival in london, but he has managed to take over crime operations in his area. rival criminal pug talbot is increasingly driven out of business. talbot is wrathful due to the situation, and his anger causes him to abuse his own daughter, toni. the girl has been raised to be a pickpocket and is under her father's control. at one point, toni is about to be arrested, and young helps her out. she is grateful for his help and grows very fond of him. talbot alerts the police about one of young's operations, in hopes of hurting his rival's business. toni overhears the plan and warns young in time. young manages to evade the police. talbot is furious at his treacherous daughter and beats her up. young finds out about the abuse and vows revenge against talbot. young pretends that he wants to negotiate with talbot, and invites him for a meeting at his apartment. talbot accepts the offer, unaware that it is a trap. when talbot arrives from the meeting, young has him stabbed to death. the corpse is abandoned in the street. young offers toni a job at his organization as a "watchdog", in exchange for room and board. toni takes the offer and gets hired. young has a chinese lover, tu tuan, that is suspicious over his relationship with toni. she believes that her lover has fallen in love with the "white girl" and warns him against fruitlessly pursuing her. worried that a jealous tu tuan might hurt toni, young removes the pickpocket from his operations. he gives toni an allowance for her living expenses, which she sees as charity. away from her life of crime and with free time in her hands, toni goes sight-seeing in london. she soon befriends pet-shop owner eric benton, and starts spending her afternoons with him. toni and benton fall in love. toni starts thinking about getting a job to stop financially depending on young. young prevents her from doing so, in fear of losing her. tu tuan finds out about toni's love life and warns young about it. tu tuan derides young for his unrequited love for a white woman, before ending her own relationship with him.[1] toni confesses to benton about her criminal past. benton visits the lily gardens and asks for an appointment with young. in response, young makes arrangements to have benton killed, in a manner similar to talbot. young soon personally goes on a smuggling mission, and has toni escort him. he is unaware that the police is expecting him this time. a distraught tu tuan had betrayed him to the police, before committing suicide. during the mission, toni finds out about young's plans to have benton killed. she is terrified for the safety of her loved one. by her reaction, young realizes that toni really loves the other man. he decides to call off the murder plans, and tries to warn his hired assassins in time. he is pursued by the police while trying to reach them, and gets mortally wounded by gunfire. young calls off the murder in time, and manages to clear toni's name from any involvement in crime. he then dies because of his wounds. due to young's self-sacrifice, toni and benton are safe and free to further pursue their relationship.[1]
corpus document729
little man, what now?
in germany in the 1930s, a young couple are struggling against poverty. hans is a small business agent. he is happily married to emma, whom he affectionately calls 'lämmchen' (small lamb). they must keep their marriage a secret in order for hans to keep his job, as his boss wants him to marry his daughter. hans loses his job when the truth comes out. they move in with his stepmother in bustling berlin to find success. hans gets a small job in a department store. things are okay until they find out that his stepmother is really a notorious madam and runs an exclusive brothel.
corpus document730
little men
the former jo march (o'brien-moore), now married to prof. bhaer (morgan), opens a boarding school for wayward boys.
corpus document731
the little minister
set in rural 1840s scotland, the plot focuses on labor and class issues while telling the story of gavin dishart, a staid cleric newly assigned to thrums' auld licht church, and babbie, a member of the nobility who disguises herself as a gypsy girl in order to interact freely with the local villagers and protect them from her guardian, lord rintoul, who wants to keep them under his control. initially the conservative dishart is appalled by the feisty girl, but he soon comes to appreciate her inner goodness. their romantic liaison scandalizes the townspeople, and the minister's position is jeopardized until dishart's heroism stuns and transforms the hearts of the local villagers.
corpus document732
little miss marker
the film tells the story of "marky" (shirley temple), whose father gives her to a gangster-run gambling operation as a "marker" (collateral) for a bet. when he loses his bet and commits suicide, the gangsters are left with her on their hands. they decide to keep her temporarily and use her to help pull off one of their fixed races, naming her the owner of the horse to be used in the race. marky is sent to live with bookie sorrowful jones (adolphe menjou). initially upset about being forced to look after her, he eventually begins to develop a father–daughter relationship with her. his fellow gangsters become fond of her and begin to fill the roles of her extended family. bangles (dorothy dell) – girlfriend of gang kingpin big steve (charles bickford), who has gone to chicago to place bets on the horse – also begins to care for marky, and to fall in love with sorrowful, whose own concern for marky shows he has a warm heart beneath his hard-man persona. sorrowful, encouraged by bangles and marky, gets a bigger apartment, buys marky new clothes and himself a better cut of suit, reads her bedtime stories, and shows her how to pray. however, being around the gang has a somewhat bad influence on marky, and she begins to develop a cynical nature and a wide vocabulary of gambling terminology and slang. bangles and sorrowful, worried that her acquired bad-girl attitude means she will not get adopted by a "good family", put on a party with gangsters dressed up as knights-of-the-round-table, to rekindle her former sweetness. she is unimpressed until they bring in the horse and parade her around on its back. big steve, returning to new york, frightens the horse, which throws her, and she is taken to the hospital. big steve goes there to pay back sorrowful for trying to steal bangles but is roped into giving marky the direct blood transfusion she needs for her life-saving operation. sorrowful, praying for her survival, destroys the drug which, administered to the horse, would have helped it win the race but killed it soon after. big steve, told he has "good blood" and pleased to have given life for a change, forgives bangles and sorrowful. they plan to marry and adopt marky.
corpus document733
long lost father
a wastrel father and his long-abandoned daughter find themselves working in the same london nightclub. gradually they come to bond and repair their broken relationship.
corpus document734
looking for trouble
a telephone line repairman named joe graham (spencer tracy) lives in los angeles. one night he's offered a promotion but declines telling his boss he's happy being a "trouble shooter" working out in the field solving problems for a living. later joe’s co-worker and partner dan sutter cannot work the night shift, and joe has to work with a new repairman called casey, who has an aptitude for practical jokes. joe and casey run into some odd things during their shift, finding a corpse at the place of their first assignment. when the shift is over, both men go for a drink, and they find their colleague dan very drunk in a casino. this night the police are on their way to raid the casino, but casey hears about the raid and manages to warn both his colleagues and the casino owner, causing the raid to be a complete failure. the next day both casey and joe are accused of tipping off the owner and causing the raid to be unsuccessful. in an attempt to exculpate himself, joe tells his boss about the reason for their involvement in the events, and about dan’s visit to the casino. the result is that dan is fired from his position without notice. joe has been involved with one of the company’s switchboard operators, ethel greenwood. they split up after he suspected her of dating his partner dan one night when joe was working overtime. now he reconciles with her and they go back together. however, soon after they are reunited, dan tells ethel about how he got fired from work, and ethel is upset with joe for causing it. they break up again. joe and ethel don’t see each other for a while, but he hears she quit her job and started working for another company together with dan. it turns out the office where they work is a cover-up for a racketeering operation, run by two men by the name of george and max. their illegal business idea consists of tapping into the phone lines of a nearby investment company to get secret stock tips. joe is unaware of this sly operation, until one day when he and casey are sent to investigate the investment company’s phone lines. they have complained about the lines malfunctioning, and when joe sees the tap he discloses the racketeering operation. joe catches dan red handed, as he is trying to get into the investment company’s vaults and steal the contents. the police are notified, and the robbery in progress is stopped, but dan manages to escape from the crime scene. joe tips off the police about dan and they go to his apartment. when they arrive, ethel is there to meet up with dan for their trip to mexico with the bounty from the robbery. ethel finds dan shot and killed in the apartment and comes running out into the street in a state of complete hysteria. when the police catch her, she has a check from dan’s bosses in her hand, and it has dan’s fingerprints all over it. ethel is arrested for killing dan and being an accomplice in the racketeering operation. joe is doubtful of ethel’s involvement in the illegal business, and he doesn’t believe she killed dan. he decides to find dan’s other girlfriend and partner in crime, pearl latour. joe searches all over long beach to find her, and eventually he does. pearl confesses to joe that she indeed killed dan, and that the reason was that he was trying to trick her and take the money that was hers. while joe and pearl are still talking, an earthquake shakes the whole area, and the house where they are caves in from the shaking. pearl doesn’t escape the house in time and is buried under the masses, but is still alive. to get pearl’s story about how she killed dan, joe and casey manage to use an emergency phone line to contact her under the debris. pearl’s last confession is then heard by the police, and ethel is released. before joe can take pearl in, however, a huge earthquake hits long beach, and pearl is buried in debris. joe and casey rig an emergency phone line, and police captain flynn records pearl's dying confession. ethel is cleared of all suspicions and released from jail. upon her release ethel and joe are both guests at casey and his fiancee maizie’s wedding at city hall, at which ethel persuades joe to get a marriage license of his own.[2]
corpus document735
lost in the stratosphere
in the mid-1930s, in the early days of military aviation, an era of open cockpits and biplanes, two u.s. army pilots, in a friendly rivalry, are always trying to get the best of each other. 2nd lt. tom cooper (william cagney) gets the nickname "soapy", from his friend, 1st lt. richard "dick" wood, "woody" (edward j. nugent). tom's trademark gift to a female friend is an inscribed bar of soap. tom finds out that "ida johnson", the girl he's been seeing while dick has been off the base, is really dick's fiancée, evelyn worthington (june collyer). she introduced herself as ida (hattie mcdaniel), using her maid's name as a lark. when dick finds the tell-tale bar of soap from tom, it's no joke to him, and two friends are at odds. dick breaks off the engagement while evelyn is torn between two loves. the two pilots are picked to go on a dangerous balloon mission launched into the stratosphere, to evaluate high altitude flight capability. before they get off the ground, the tense relationship has caused friction between the former friends. the generals keep reminding them that the equipment on board is more important than they are. when a thunderstorm takes them thousands of miles off course, the two flyers are "lost in the stratosphere". it does not look like either of them will survive until evelyn begs them to bail out. dick, finally realizing tom's innocence, knocks him out and throws him off the balloon, so he can come down safely by parachute, thereby jeopardizing his own chances of survival. after a crash landing in quebec, from his hospital bed, dick gives his blessing to tom and evelyn.
corpus document736
a lost lady
marian and ned are getting married in two days. ned is accused by a man of having an affair with his wife and killed in front of her. marian goes to a resort she loves of in the canadian rockies in hopes it will snap her out of her emotional withdrawal. one day while walking alone, she falls off a ledge and injures her leg. she is discovered and rescued by dan forrester, and his dog sandy. dan visits marian every day, even though she is still upset about her fiancé's death. before he goes home, dan asks her to marry him. she refuses at first, telling him she does not love him, but he is undeterred. at the last moment, she changes her mind and accepts his proposal. after the wedding, however, they sleep in separate bedrooms. the couple go to chicago, where he heads a successful law firm. he dotes on marian, even building her a mansion in the country. he coaxes her out of her depression, and everything is going well enough, until one day frank ellinger has to make an emergency landing on her estate after his airplane runs out of fuel. mistaking her for a servant, he grabs her and kisses her. she slaps him in the face and leaves, but long-dead emotions are stirred within her. they are both surprised when they meet socially. he turns out to run a transport company. she rejects his advances, but he persists. when dan goes to new york for three weeks on business, frank sees her every day, and marian soon falls in love again. when dan returns, marian tells him the news. he is devastated. he stays up all night trying to come to grips with this development, even though he has a major corporate case going to trial the next day. at the trial, he collapses and has a heart attack. marian, who had already packed her clothes to go to frank, refuses to leave dan's side, despite frank's urging. the tables are turned: now she is the one trying to cheer dan up. she then realizes she has finally come to love her husband, and tells him so.
corpus document737
the lost patrol
during world war i, the young lieutenant in charge of a small british mounted patrol in the empty mesopotamian desert is shot and killed by an unseen sniper. this leaves the sergeant at a loss, since he had not been told what their mission is and has no idea where they are. riding north in the hope of rejoining their brigade, the eleven remaining men reach a deserted oasis where they find water, dates to eat and shelter. during the night, one of the sentries is killed, the other seriously wounded, and all their horses are stolen, leaving them stranded. one by one, the remaining men are picked off by the unseen assailants. in desperation, the sergeant sends two men chosen by lot on foot for help, but they are caught and their mutilated bodies returned. one man, abelson, suffering from heat exhaustion, sees a mirage and wanders into deadly rifle fire. the pilot of a british biplane spots the survivors, but nonchalantly lands nearby and despite frantic warnings is killed. after dark, the sergeant takes the machine gun from the aircraft and then sets the plane on fire as a signal to any british troops. sanders, a religious fanatic, goes mad and walks into deadly fire. in the end only the sergeant is left and, thinking he too is dead, the six arabs who have been besieging the oasis advance on foot. using the machine gun from the aircraft, he kills them all. a british patrol which had seen the smoke from the burning plane rides up and the officer in charge asks the sergeant roughly where his men are. in silence, the sergeant shows him their graves.
corpus document738
the man from utah
an impoverished saddle tramp from utah rides into a small town seeking work. he finds himself gunning down a trio of men robbing a local bank. the marshal sees the fearless, quick-drawing, sharp-shooting, hard-riding stranger as the man for the marshal's plan of discovering who is behind a crooked rodeo. a further mystery is that several rodeo riders have died of snakebite.
corpus document739
the man who reclaimed his head
paul verin walks through the streets of 1915 paris carrying his small daughter linette on one arm and a black satchel on the other. arriving at the home of paul’s boyhood friend, attorney fernand de marnay, paul relates the events that led him there. five years ago paul and his wife adele lived in clichy. they lived off what paul could make with his political writings. adele loves paul but she is unhappy living in clichy. she wants to live in paris. to make enough money to move to paris, paul accepts an offer to write political articles for aspiring politician henri dumont agreeing to let dumont take credit as the author. dumont has political aspirations and the anti-war editorials make dumont popular. paul and wife are able to live in paris comfortably. dumont’s rising popularity attracts the interest of a group of wealthy arms dealers who would like the editorials to move toward a pro-war viewpoint. paul is an avowed pacifist and refuses to write such articles for dumont. when war breaks out, dumont uses his influence to see that paul is sent to the front. paul becomes a corporal and see action at verdun. paul is given leave to see adele. at the railroad station, paul finds his leave has been cancelled. he hears a rumor that not only is dumont spending time with adele but dumont is also responsible for his leave being cancelled. on hearing this, paul boards the train to paris. he is arrives at his home and discovers dumont attempting to force himself on adele. enraged, paul uses his bayonet to kill dumont. paul reveals the contents of his satchel to de mornay. paul had lost his ‘head’ to dumont and now he has it back. adele arrives with the police. de mornay will be able to get an acquittal for paul.
corpus document740
the man with two faces
jessica wells (astor) is a beautiful and talented actress, returning to the stage after a three-year absence. although her triumphal return seems certain, family and friends are shocked when vance (calhern), her long-lost husband with a criminal past, shows up at the family home. he immediately exerts his influence on the vivacious jessica, and she becomes a sleepwalking automaton blindly obeying orders. the avaricious and opportunistic vance (who appears carrying pet mice in a cage) has heard that his wife holds half the rights to the play in which she will be featured, a prospective hit, but a certain disaster in her somnambulist state. stage star damon wells (robinson) lends theatrical prestige to his sister's comeback while helping to reclaim her talent as her acting coach. he and jessica's manager (cortez) realize that the verminous vance must be dealt with at once, so damon begins an elaborate ruse, presenting himself to the schemer as the bearded french theatrical producer jules chautard. vance is lured to a hotel room by jules/damon, thinking that he will be paid handsomely for jessica's half-interest in the play, but is instead drugged and then stabbed to death. damon cannily covers his tracks in the murder, but he accidentally leaves a few theatrical mustache-whiskers when closing a gideon bible. police sergeant william curtis (landau) cracks the case when he connects the artificial hair to the art of an actor and confronts damon in his dressing room. the detective, however, is aware of the suspicious past of the victim and not unsympathetic to the actor. wells is left with the suggestion that he can perhaps act his way out of the rap.
corpus document741
a man's game
a pair of firemen and friends, tim bradley and dave jordan, are both attracted to court stenographer judy manners after a rescue from a fire. judy, involved against her will in an embezzlement scheme, ends up starting a fire to chase away the embezzlers as the guy try to save her from both the flames and the crooks.
corpus document742
manhattan love song
although sisters geraldine and carol stewart live luxuriously in a park avenue apartment in new york city, their money has run out due to some bad business investments. their servants, williams and annette, expect to be leaving, but the sisters invite them to remain as paying tenants. they agree, then surprise the haughty sisters by expecting them to share in performing the household chores. geraldine looks for work, but receives no offers except for a striptease act in a burlesque show. williams is mistaken for a taxi driver by a wealthy tourist, "pancake annie" jones from nevada, who has come with her son phineas to seek an entry into manhattan high society. carol elopes with a rich acquaintance, garrett wetherby, which leaves geraldine on her own, needing money. she accepts the job doing a striptease, but is arrested when the club is raided. williams decides to accept pancake annie's offer to go west in her employment. geraldine realizes she loves williams and asks to go along.
corpus document743
manhattan melodrama
on june 15, 1904, the ship general slocum catches fire and sinks in new york's east river. two boys, blackie gallagher (mickey rooney) and jim wade (jimmy butler), are rescued by a priest, father joe (leo carrillo), but are orphaned by the disaster. they are taken in by another survivor, poppa rosen (george sidney), who lost his young son in the sinking. the boys live with poppa rosen for a short while; then rosen, a russian jew, is trampled to death by a policeman's horse after he heckles leon trotsky at a communist rally and a melee breaks out. the boys remain close friends, though their lives diverge. studious from the very beginning, jim (played as an adult by william powell) gets his law degree and eventually becomes the assistant district attorney. blackie is a cheerful, happy-go-lucky kid who loves to throw dice and trick other kids out of their money; he (clark gable) becomes the owner of a fancy, if illegal, casino. though his casino is regularly "raided", the cops have been paid off and business resumes immediately after they leave. blackie's girlfriend eleanor (myrna loy) loves him, but pleads with him in vain to marry her and give up his dangerous life. jim is elected district attorney. blackie, always a supporter and admirer of jim's, knowing that he is incorruptible, arranges to meet him for a celebration, but something comes up, and he sends eleanor to keep jim company at the cotton club until he can join them. jim and eleanor talk the night away. afterward, she gives blackie one last chance to marry her and settle down. when blackie refuses, she leaves him. months later, jim and eleanor meet by chance and start keeping company (she informs jim that she has not seen blackie for months). meanwhile, blackie kills manny arnold (noel madison) for not paying his gambling debts. jim summons him to his office, where he tells him that he and eleanor are going to get married. blackie is sincerely happy for both of them. jim also informs his friend that he is a suspect in the arnold murder. however, there is no real evidence, so the crime goes unsolved. though jim invites him to be the best man at his wedding, blackie discreetly turns him down. after returning from his honeymoon, jim runs for governor of new york. snow (thomas e. jackson), who had been his chief assistant until jim fired him for corruption, threatens to tell reporters that jim covered up for blackie in the arnold case. though untrue, this would lose jim a close race for the governorship. by chance, blackie and eleanor meet at the horse track. eleanor tells blackie about snow. blackie shoots snow dead in a washroom of madison square garden during a hockey game. a beggar who pretends to be blind sees him leave the scene of the crime. jim has no choice but to prosecute blackie. blackie is convicted and sentenced to death. jim wins the election, partly because the public knows that jim is so honest he prosecuted his childhood friend. eleanor tries to get him to commute the sentence to life imprisonment, revealing blackie's selfless motive for killing snow, but that only makes things worse. when jim remains steadfast, eleanor leaves him. at the last moment, jim hurries to sing sing prison and meets blackie, together with father joe, who is now the prison's chaplain. jim finally offers to commute the death sentence, but blackie turns him down. father joe leads blackie to the electric chair while saying last rites. a few days later, jim calls a special joint session of the new york legislature. he reveals how the murder helped him win the election, and how at the end he compromised his principles and was willing to commute his friend's sentence. he then tenders his resignation. when he leaves, eleanor is waiting for him. she tells him that she was wrong about him, and they leave together to start a new life.
corpus document744
maniac
don maxwell is a former vaudeville impersonator who is working as the lab assistant to dr. meirschultz, a mad scientist attempting to bring the dead back to life. when don kills meirschultz, he attempts to hide his crime by "becoming" the doctor, taking over his work and copying his appearance and manner. in the process, he slowly goes insane. the "doctor" treats a mental patient, buckley, but accidentally injects him with adrenaline, which causes him to go into violent fits. in one of these fits, buckley kidnaps a woman, tears her clothes off, and rapes her. buckley's wife discovers the body of the real doctor, and blackmails don into turning her husband into a zombie. the ersatz doctor turns the tables on her by manipulating her into fighting with his estranged wife, alice maxwell, a former showgirl. when the cat-breeding neighbor goof sees what's going on, he calls the police, who stop the fight and, following the sound of satan the cat, find the body of the real doctor hidden behind a brick wall.[2][3][4]
corpus document745
the marines are coming
a brash marine is assigned to a new post which is now under the command of his former rival. the marine falls in love with his commanding officer's fiancée and romances her away from him. the day before their wedding, the fiancée calls it off after the marine is involved with an incident in tijuana. the fiancée leaves for central america to join her father, who is a diplomat, and the disgraced marine quits but re-enlists as a private. assigned to a post in central america, the marine discovers he must rescue his rival, who has been captured by the rebels plotting to overthrow the territorial governor, her former fiancée's father.
corpus document746
massacre
chief joe thunderhorse (barthelmess) is the star of a wild west show at the century of progress in chicago. though he is the authentic son of a native american chief, he has lived away from the reservation so long that he has lost all personal connection to them. his ethnic authenticity and physical prowess are exploited by white showmen. his rich white girlfriend (dodd) flaunts him in front of her curious friends. joe and his valet (muse) travel to the reservation where he grew up upon hearing that his father black pony is on his death bed. his dying father no longer recognizes him. the terrible living conditions to which joe's people are subjected to at the hands of white government agents are also revealed to him. upon the death of his father, joe's sister jennie is raped by a government agent and, with the assistance of a college-educated reservation resident named lydia (dvorak), joe decides to take action.[1][2]
corpus document747
men in white
a dedicated young doctor places his patients above everyone else in his life. unfortunately, his social register fianceé, laura hudson(myrna loy), can't accept the fact that he considers an appointment in the operating room more important than attending a cocktail party. he soon drifts into an affair with a pretty nurse who shares his passion for healing. one thread of the story involves diabetic hypoglycemia:[2] two doctors have a conflict at the bedside of a young girl who is desperately ill. the younger doctor diagnoses (correctly) that the patient is in insulin shock (needing glucose), while the senior doctor insists she is in a diabetic coma (needing insulin). fortunately, the doctor with the correct diagnosis prevails and the child recovers.
corpus document748
the merry widow
playboy captain danilo (maurice chevalier) is ordered by king achmet of marshovia (george barbier) to court and marry madame sonia (jeanette macdonald), a rich widow who owns a large portion of the kingdom.
corpus document749
midnight
the movie begins at the murder trial of ethel saxon, a woman who shot her lover in a crime of passion. during the trial, edward weldon, the jury foreman, asks the defendant a question, which essentially leads to a guilty verdict and a death sentence for her. the rest of film takes place on the evening of the execution, mostly in the weldon home. edward is dealing with the consequences of his role as foreman, and his daughter stella is upset by the departure of her gangster boyfriend, gar boni, whom she met during the trial. the evening culminates at midnight as the switch is pulled at the death house and a gun is fired in a parked car. moments later, stella returns home, admitting that she has shot gar boni.
corpus document750
miss fane's baby is stolen
despite the dramatic story elements of child kidnapping, the overall tone of the film mixes comedy and drama. madeline fane (wieck) is a busy and successful actress who is fiercely devoted to her two-year-old son. one day, little michael disappears from his crib. miss fane avoids speaking to the police at first, then calls upon both law enforcement and her legions of fans for help. one of them, impoverished molly prentiss (brady) who is also a single mother, comes to the rescue.
corpus document751
monte carlo nights
a man wrongfully convicted of murder escapes custody and goes in search of real killer. the problem is that he only has one clue to go on.
corpus document752
the most precious thing in life
ellen holmes, a girl from an ordinary family, marries a rich, yet spoiled, boy from a snobbish family. the pair has a son, but soon ellen finds herself ousted from the life of her husband. however, she rediscovers her son years later.[5]
corpus document753
murder at the vanities
jack ellery (oakie) is staging a lavish musical revue, starring eric lander (brisson), ann ware (carlisle), and rita ross (michael), supported by a cast of a hundred background singers/dancers (almost all women, and many scantily clad) and two full orchestras. on opening night, just before the show, somebody tries to kill ware several times. ellery calls in police lieutenant murdock (mclaglen) of the homicide squad to investigate. during the show a private detective and then rita are murdered. ellery hides this from the rest of the performers, claiming the victims are just sick, and talks murdock into investigating while the revue continues on, otherwise ellery will go broke. several twists and turns follow, but finally the murders are solved just after the show ends. in the last scene, nancy (wing), a squeaky pretty blonde showgirl, finally gets to tell ellery and murdock what she has attempted to tell ellery several times throughout the show. however, he kept putting her off, she was just trying to gain his attention, and he was too busy staging the show. she actually had a vital piece of information that would have solved the first murder much sooner, and might have prevented the second murder. now that the show is over and a success, ellery's attention is finally on her, and they go out for the night to celebrate. she giggles once again and moves off stage left in front of him, and then oakie breaks the fourth wall just momentarily, looking into the camera with a devilish grin, before he follows her.
corpus document754
murder in the clouds
trans-america air lines pilot "three star" bob halsey (lyle talbot) is in love with stewardess judy wagner (ann dvorak), but she wants him to stop his daredevil ways. so does his boss, lackey (charles c. wilson). confident in his abilities and knowing that he is the airline's best pilot, he pays neither any mind. federal agent brownell (henry o'neill) urgently requests lackey's cooperation: clement williams (edward mcwade) must be flown from los angeles to washington, d.c., with a cylinder full of a revolutionary new explosive he has invented. however, lackey's assistant jason (arthur pierson) is eavesdropping on him for taggart (russell hicks), a spy. he eavesdrops again when lackey chooses bob as pilot and judy's brother tom (robert light) as co-pilot. taggart sends three men to provoke bob into a fistfight. while bob is knocked out, another pilot, george wexley (gordon westcott), chats casually with tom, "learns" that bob is late for the special trip, and offers to protect bob's job by taking over. over the lower sierras, the ford trimotor airliner explodes. bob and lackey fly to the crash site and talk to brownell. tom's cap is there. back in los angeles, they report that there are no survivors. frantic for news of her brother, judy drives to the site before they return, evading the police roadblock. she is recognized by jason, who is traveling with the spies to a nearby house they are using. improvising a plan, they pose as federal agents and stop her. at the house she is surprised to see wexley, who tells her the saboteur ordered him and tom to parachute out, then set a bomb and himself parachuted out with the cylinder—all nearly true, except that wexley was the saboteur and tom is dead. they want to hide the cylinder in judy's car and trick her into driving to mexico, so wexley says that tom has gone to tijuana to identify a suspect. she agrees to leave in the morning. but then the radio reports the recovery of tom's body. realizing her predicament, judy pretends not to have heard. that night, finding some paint, she paints bob's three-star personal logo on the porch roof of the house. next day, back at los angeles, bob learns jason has left the office—with the three men who knocked him out. he and lackey then discover jason's eavesdropping device. bob flies back to the crash area. as his co-pilot he takes wings, who works as the airline's mechanic because when he got his pilot's license he learned he was afraid to fly. they see the three stars and land. bob tells wings that if there is any sign of trouble he must fly away and alert the air patrol. when shots are fired, wings does just that—not seeing bob and judy running for the plane. the spies capture them both. wexley and taggart depart in wexley's armed biplane, taking judy and the cylinder. wings then arrives with the air patrol, who capture the rest of the gang after a brief gunfight. in a dogfight between biplanes, taggart is killed but the air patrol plane is shot down. now rescued, bob takes off with wings. he finds wexley's plane and executes risky maneuvers to force him to land. wexley tries to run away and wings throws a rock at him. both judy and the cylinder are recovered. although the government is grateful, all that judy and bob want to do is get married.
corpus document755
murder in the private car
set in los angeles, this is the story of switchboard operator ruth raymond (mary carlisle). she learns from her lawyer alden murray (porter hall), that she is actually the daughter of railroad tycoon luke carson (berton churchill). she had been kidnapped as a baby by luke’s brother and partner elwood and placed with strangers. once it is found out that she is an heiress there is an attempt on her life by her bodyguard and chauffeur, which is foiled by godfrey d. scott (charles ruggles). a message from her father is intercepted and replaced telling her to meet him in new york instead of los angeles. ruth, murray and her best friend georgia latham (una merkel) board the train bound for new york. the lights go out in ruth’s car and an announcement is heard “eight hours to live,” after which scott introduces himself to ruth and her friends as a slueth who prevents crime. scott reunites ruth with her stowaway boyfriend john blake (russell hardie). then the train is suddenly stopped by the wreck of a circus train on the tracks. murray is murdered and another announcement is made to the passengers of ruth’s private car stating they only have five hours to live. then an escaped gorilla attacks ruth, georgia and scott and then jumps from the train. the next morning, the train stops in a small town where ruth’s father had been tipped off to meet her. luke carson joins ruth’s party in the private car. then one by one all the windows are blackened and another announcement is made for the passengers to say their prayers. carson recognizes his brother, elwood’s voice and identifies him. elwood explains his reasoning for terrorizing his brother and says he has planted explosives on the private car and released it from the train so that it is now rolling downhill towards another train. scott finds and kills elwood and after a harrowing journey, the private car passengers are saved and transferred to another train.
corpus document756
mrs. wiggs of the cabbage patch
mrs. wiggs (lord), facing eviction, scrabbles for survival with her number of children and hopes for the return of her husband, who left many years before, looking for gold in the klondike. the family owns the shack but it has a mortgage of $25 (in 1901, about $675 in today's money) and the evil moneylender is threatening them. mrs. wiggs is a laundress but can't manage to save enough back because whatever extra money she gets is used to help others, often animals. the oldest son, james, has worked hard all his life, but now is seriously ill with tuberculosis. the little girls are all named "out of geography", europena (virginia weidler), asia (carmencita johnson) and australia (edith fellows). the second-oldest boy, billy (jimmy butler), is something of an entrepreneur. when he finds a spavined and dying horse he brings it home and the family nurses it back to reasonable health, naming it cuba. neighbor tabitha hazy (zasu pitts) seeks a husband and takes out a subscription to "the matrimonial guide", the 1901 version of a dating service. alice (evelyn venable), a wealthy girl who is a volunteer social worker, brings the family a feast of a thanksgiving dinner (in the book, they promptly sell it and buy cheaper food). her fiance becomes involved, finally taking jimmy to a hospital. billy makes enough to take the family to a vaudeville variety show, and mrs. wiggs describes it all to jimmy as he dies. she places an advertisement in national newspapers, directed to her husband, saying that jimmy is dead and he must come home. tabitha has found a man she likes (w. c. fields), but fears he won't like her because she can't cook. mrs. wiggs conspires with her to serve an exquisite dinner. when he finds out the truth, he refuses to marry her, but she tells him she doesn't want someone who thinks only of his own pleasure and throws him out. in the midst of all this, mr. wiggs arrives and sits quietly in a corner until he is noticed. he's got enough money to pay off the mortgage, and everyone lives happily ever after.
corpus document757
murder on the blackboard
miss withers (edna may oliver) discovers the dead body of her colleague, music teacher louise halloran (barbara fritchie), in a schoolroom. she summons her old friend, inspector oscar piper (james gleason), but by the time he arrives, the corpse has disappeared. having watched the only entrance (other than a fire exit with an alarm), miss withers knows the killer must still be inside. when the police search the building, detective donahue (edgar kennedy) is knocked out in the basement. meanwhile, miss withers notices various clues, including a tune on the blackboard in halloran's classroom. the body is found being burned in the basement furnace. then, the fire alarm goes off; the murderer has escaped. oscar schweitzer (frederick vogeding), the school's drunkard janitor, had some financial quarrel with halloran. piper arrests him, but miss withers does not believe he is the one they are after. she goes to the dead woman's apartment, which she had shared with her friend and school secretary, jane davis (gertrude michael). there she discovers that halloran held one of the tickets for the irish sweepstakes. a newspaper account reports it is for the favorite in the race and is already worth $50,000. if the horse were to win, the amount would be $300,000. davis claims she had a half share in the ticket, giving her a motive for murder. fellow teacher addison stevens (bruce cabot) admits that halloran was attracted to him. macfarland (tully marshall), the womanizing head of the school, asks withers to investigate the crime, but suspiciously suggests she leave town to check out halloran's relatives. snooping around, she finds a fragment of a burnt love letter from him to halloran. later, during another search of the basement, the light is turned off and someone throws a hatchet at miss wither's head. after getting over her fright, she triumphantly points out to piper that schweitzer could not be the killer, as he is still in jail. then, they see a newspaper report that he has escaped. it is discovered that the victim was already dying of "pernicious anemia of the bones". when donahue comes to in the hospital, he cannot remember what happened, but miss withers has piper tell the newspapers that donahue knows the killer's identity. when the murderer sneaks in to donahue's hospital room to poison his medicine, the trap is sprung. the criminal turns out to be addison stevens. (the tune on the blackboard spelled out the first few letters of his first name.) seeing no escape, stevens drinks the poison himself, but reveals his motive before dying. he and halloran were secretly married last summer. however, when his feelings changed, she would not give him up. he tried poisoning her slowly (causing the anemia), but she became suspicious, forcing him to act more decisively. later, when miss withers calls to console davis, she is disillusioned when detective "smiley" north (regis toomey) answers the telephone and reveals he is having breakfast with the pretty woman.
corpus document758
music in the air
opera star frieda hotzfelt (gloria swanson) spars with librettist bruno mahler (john boles). aspiring songwriter karl roder (douglass montgomery) stumbles into their stormy relationship.
corpus document759
the mysterious mr. wong
bela lugosi stars as mr. wong, a "harmless" chinatown shopkeeper by day and relentless blood-thirsty pursuer of the twelve coins of confucius by night. with possession of the coins, mr. wong will be supreme ruler of the chinese province of keelat, and his evil destiny will be fulfilled. a killing spree follows in dark and dangerous chinatown as wong gets control of 11 of the 12 coins. though played up as a tong war, ace reporter jason barton and his girl peg are hot on his trail as is the chinese secret service. all parties soon find themselves in serious trouble when they stumble onto wong's headquarters.
corpus document760
the mystery of mr. x
london police constables are being killed by a man calling himself "mr. x" (leonard mudie). by chance, one of the murders occurs around the same time and place as a diamond robbery, leading police commissioner sir herbert frensham (henry stephenson) to suspect the same man is responsible for both, much to the annoyance of the thief, nicholas "nick" revel (robert montgomery), and his confederates, taxi driver joseph "joe" palmer (forrester harvey) and insurance clerk hutchinson (ivan f. simpson). after another slaying, sir christopher marche is arrested as a suspect, as he had drunkenly quarreled with the latest victim shortly before his death. however, nick provides him with an alibi. as a result, he becomes acquainted with marche's grateful fiancée (and the commissioner's daughter), jane frensham (elizabeth allan). the two are attracted to each other. meanwhile, sir herbert becomes convinced that nick is mr. x and puts him under constant surveillance. when the commissioner learns that his daughter has gone alone to nick's flat, he sends marche a message supposedly from nick urgently requesting that they meet. when marche finds the couple alone together, though they are not doing anything untoward, he breaks off his engagement with jane. nick decides to give up his life of crime for jane. he mails back the jewel. however, when joe warns him that hutchinson has been picked up for questioning, he realizes that it is only a matter of time before his associate gives him up. nick discovers that the locations of the murders form an x, which provides him with the site of the next crime. he disguises himself as a policeman and flushes the real killer out. after a struggle, mr. x is fatally injured, but before he dies, he boasts to sir herbert how close he came to fulfilling his goal of one murder for each of the 15 years he spent in prison.
corpus document761
mystery liner
captain holling (beery) is relieved of command of his ship after he suffers a nervous breakdown. his replacement, captain downey (howard), takes over the liner just as it is about to be used for an experiment in remote control. professor grimson (lewis) has devised a system for controlling the ship from a land-based laboratory. however, as grimson demonstrates the system, a rival group is listening in, hoping to use the device for its own purposes.
corpus document762
neath the arizona skies
chris morrell (john wayne), the guardian of half-indian girl nina (shirley jean rickert), is helping her find her missing white father, so she can cash in on her late mother's oil lease. outlaw sam black (yakima canutt) is after the girl and her father as well. besides dealing with the black gang, morrell has to find another robber, jim moore, who switches clothes with him when he finds morrell unconscious after a fight with sam black. along the way, he meets a woman who is the sister of jim moore (buffalo bill jr.), another bad hombre in cahoots with moore, and an old friend who takes in nina and helps morrell locate nina's father and fight off the various desperadoes.[2][3] george "gabby" hayes played a featured character with a speaking role, but his name was omitted from the cast list in the opening credits.
corpus document763
now and forever
a lazy and irresponsible jerry day (gary cooper), desperate for quick cash, is willing to sell the custody rights of his 6-year-old daughter penelope, nicknamed penny, (shirley temple), whom he's never seen. cooper's girlfriend toni carstairs (carole lombard) is shocked by this callousness and walks out on him, but when cooper meets his daughter and has a change of heart, he reclaims the little girl. the next few scenes show what happens when an inexperienced father takes a newly found daughter into his care. the girl and dad are seen on roller coasters and other fantastic fun-filled rides. the next thing you know the doctor is standing over penny with a thermometer and telling jerry that it is nothing that a bit of castor oil won't cure. after the awful faces and the shaking of her head penny succumbs to the castor oil. of course she receives a brand new teddy bear for her troubles. penny and jerry arrive after a trip abroad to be reunited with toni, who will now play her mother. jerry tries hard to re-enter the life of playing a flim-flam man to others. he even tries to swindle a man who is much more versed in the art of taking other people's money. the man gives him a check for two thousand dollars but it is as worthless as the paper it is written on. after a couple of attempts at taking others jerry resorts to re-entering the work force. he tries his hand at real estate but is not very successful at it. pretty soon he finds himself in need of cash to support himself, penny and toni. still, cooper can't hold down a job. the gentleman who gave jerry the phoney check is spotted by jerry as he takes a diamond while they are out together. this guy is really good and convinces jerry to steal a very valuable necklace from a lady that penny has made friends with. the lady offers to throw a party for penny as a sort of introduction to see if penny would like to live with her. while penny and jerry are at the party, jerry sees that necklace out on the bed. he takes the necklace and puts it into the teddy bear that penny brought with her. the lady discovers the necklace missing and calls the police. they have everyone searched but one person who is not searched is penny. she is also given the teddy bear as she walks out. when jerry gets home with penny she goes to her room. there she discovers the stolen necklace. she asks jerry if he took the necklace. he says he didn't. penny starts to cry, and when she cries it is very difficult to get her to be quiet. toni goes into her room and talks to penny. she tells penny that it was her that took the necklace so really jerry was telling the truth. penny is again satisfied that her so-called father didn't lie. jerry takes the necklace to that man he met and the man will sell it and jerry will get a large cut for stealing it. jerry starts to feel guilty when penny throws all her faith and love towards jerry for being honest. he feels guilty and goes back to try to recover the necklace so he can return it. they struggle and jerry shoots the man with a pistol he produced to show that he meant business, and he gets injured at the same time. he returns the necklace but is now injured during the struggle the night before. he knows he can't go to the doctor because of a gunshot wound. the last scenes we see are jerry coming clean and allowing penny to go away with the lady that owned the necklace. he will turn himself in. penny, toni and jerry are seen at the dock hugging before penny departs.[1]
corpus document764
now i'll tell
murray golden is an unscrupulous new york city gambler and casino operator who wants to live life to the fullest. his philosophy is encapsulated in something he keeps saying: "you're only wrong when you fail." his wife, virginia, has extracted a promise that he will quit the business once he makes $500,000. however, when he does, he breaks his word. he also starts seeing peggy warren behind his wife's back. murray learns that gangster al mossiter has fixed a championship boxing match. he pays one of the fighters to take a dive in the second round, before mossiter's man goes down in the fifth, and wins a lot of money. (mossiter's boxer is later murdered.) however, virginia hears about peggy and threatens to leaves murray. he manages to convince her that peggy is the mistress of freddie, murray's friend and associate. he also tells her that he has made enough money and is getting into the insurance business. later, mossiter learns who double crossed him and vows to get back everything murray won from the fight. an associate suggests he kidnap virginia. when murray is told about the kidnapping, he races back to the city, but is injured and peggy is killed in a car crash. virginia is freed unharmed when the ransom is paid, but she has had enough. she decides to get a divorce. years later, murray receives a telegram from virginia, telling him she is sailing home from europe and has a "surprise". he is overjoyed, assuming she is coming back to him. however, she tells him that she is going to marry someone else. she asks him for her jewelry. he promises to give it to her in a week, though he is down on his luck and has pawned them. he gets into a poker game with mossiter and others. after playing for a day and a half, he owes $210,000. mossiter buys up all of his ious and gives him a deadline to come up with the money. murray shows up at mossiter's hotel room and declares he is not going to paying. furthermore, he says he is going to tell the district attorney who killed the boxer. after mossiter shoots him, murray reveals he took out a life insurance policy on himself in order to raise the money to get virginia's jewelry back. he boasts that he has outsmarted his killer (winning a $20 bet they had made). the doctor informs virginia that murray is dying, so she lies and tells him she is returning to him.
corpus document765
of human bondage
sensitive, club-footed artist philip carey (leslie howard) is a briton who has been studying painting in paris for four years. his art teacher tells him his work lacks talent, so he returns to london to become a medical doctor, but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork. philip falls passionately in love with vulgar tearoom waitress mildred rogers (bette davis), even though she is disdainful of his club-foot and his obvious interest in her. although he is attracted to the anemic and pale-faced woman, she is manipulative and cruel toward him when he asks her out. her constant response to his romantic invitations is "i don't mind," an expression so uninterested that it infuriates him – which only causes her to use it all the more. his daydreams about her (her image appears over an illustration in his medical school anatomy textbook, and a skeleton in the classroom is transformed into mildred) cause him to be distracted from his studies, and he fails his medical examinations. when philip proposes to her, mildred declines, telling him she will be marrying a loutish salesman emil miller (alan hale) instead. the self-centered mildred vindictively berates philip with nasty insults for becoming romantically interested in her. philip begins to forget mildred when he falls in love with norah (kay johnson), an attractive and considerate romance writer working under a male pseudonym. she slowly cures him of his painful addiction to mildred. but just when it appears that philip is finding happiness, mildred returns, pregnant and claiming that emil has abandoned her. philip provides a flat for her, arranges to take care of her financially, and breaks off his relationship with norah. norah and philip admit how bondages exist between people (philip was bound to mildred, as norah was to philip, and as mildred was to miller). philip's intention is to marry mildred after her child is born, but a bored and restless mildred is an uninterested mother, and gives up the baby's care to a nurse. at a dinner party celebrating their engagement, one of philip's medical student friends, harry griffiths (reginald denny), flirts with mildred, who somewhat reciprocates. after philip confronts mildred, she runs off with griffiths for paris. a second time, philip again finds some comfort in his studies, and with sally athelny (frances dee), the tender-hearted daughter of one of his elderly patients in a charity hospital. the athelny family is caring and affectionate, and they take philip into their home. once again, mildred returns with her baby, this time expressing remorse for deserting him. philip cannot resist rescuing her and helping her to recover from another failed relationship. things take a turn for the worse when mildred moves in, spitefully wrecks his apartment and destroys his paintings and books, and burns the securities and bonds he was given by an uncle to finance his tuition. philip is forced to quit medical school, but before he leaves the institution, an operation corrects his club foot. the athelnys take philip in when he is unable to find work and is locked out of his flat, and he takes a job with sally's father as a window dresser. as time progresses, a letter is sent to philip which informs him that his uncle has died, leaving a small inheritance. with the inheritance money, philip is able to return to medical school and pass his examinations to become a qualified doctor. later, philip meets up with mildred, now sick, destitute, and -- the movie obliquely hints -- working as a prostitute. mildred's baby has died, and she has become distraught and sick with tuberculosis. before he can visit her again, she dies in a hospital charity ward. with mildred's death, philip is finally freed of his obsession, and he makes plans to marry sally.
corpus document766
one more river
clare, lady corven (diana wynyard) and sir gerald corven (colin clive) are to all outward appearances a happily married upper class british couple. but privately, lady clare's husband is physically and emotionally abusive toward her, and one day she can take no more, and walks out of the relationship. clare books passage on a ship, where she is befriended by a kind and handsome young man, tony croom (frank lawton). although their relationship remains strictly platonic, tony displays strong feelings for lady corven, which are duly noted by a private detective hired by sir gerald to keep tabs on his wife. sir gerald threatens to paint clare's relationship with tony in an unflattering light in court, this being a time when divorce was considered scandalous, especially among england's "privileged" classes.[7]
corpus document767
one night of love
opera singer mary barrett (grace moore) leaves to study music in milan, italy to the disappointment of her family in new york city. mary gets a job at the cafe roma, where giulio monteverdi (tullio carminati), a famous vocal coach, hears her sing. giulio promises to make mary a star if she will allow him to control her life. he also tells her that there cannot be any romance between the two of them, as that would distract from the process of growing her talent. mary discovers she has stagefright as she prepares for a tour of provincial opera houses, however giulio helps her overcome it. years later, still under giulio's tutelage, mary begins to tire of his dominance and discipline. the two meet one of giulio's old pupils, lally (mona barrie), while in vienna. lally once tried to be romantic with giulio, but was rejected. this past history renders mary jealous and she pretends to have laryngitis. mary thinks giulio has gone to lally to rekindle a romance, and so visits bill houston (lyle talbot), a longtime friend who has proposed marriage. in a jealous huff, mary decides not to sing that night in order to punish giulio. giulio realizes what is going on and tells mary that lally will replace her on stage, but then proposes to mary. she decides to go on, and mary's performance of bizet's carmen wins her an invitation to the metropolitan opera, her dream venue. giulio, however, still does not believe that she is ready for such a venue. later at dinner, lally lies to mary by telling her that she is still involved with bill, who has actually returned to new york. on the night of her debut in madame butterfly, mary is too nervous to go on stage until she sees giulio in his usual place in the prompter's box.
corpus document768
operator 13
in the american civil war, union forces are reeling after their defeat in the second battle of bull run. the pauline cushman players are performing for wounded soldiers at a union military hospital. pauline, a spy who works for allan pinkerton, recommends her close friend and fellow showgirl gail to become a spy for the union cause as operator 13 (the previous operator 13 having been caught and shot). gail, disguised in blackface, accompanies pauline south as her octaroon black maid. the confederates become aware there is a spy in their midst, and captain gailliard is asked to help find out who it is. while washing general stuart’s clothes, gail hears he will attend a ball that night. at the ball, captain gailliard suspects that pauline is a spy and finds evidence in her room. pauline, trying to flee, is arrested and is to be a witness against gail, who is later sentenced to death. both women manage to escape and return to the union lines. pinkerton decides to use gail to trap gailliard, and as part of the plan, she jeers at a parade of union soldiers and is thought to be a heroine in the southern newspapers. gail, as anne claibourne, is pardoned by lincoln and heads south, where captain gailliard is attracted to her. however, gail is later told by stuart's groom, a fellow spy, that she is known to be a spy and she flees in a confederate uniform. gailliard grabs her horse, but she strikes him with a gun and rides off with the groom. gailliard and others pursue them. the fugitives hide in an abandoned farmhouse. gailliard finds her. fortunately for her, a group of union soldiers are nearby. when they spot the groom, still wearing a confederate uniform, they shoot him. gail and gailliard watch undetected as a confederate is executed by a union firing squad. gail tells gailliard she loves him and refuses to betray him to the soldiers. then the confederates attack. in the fighting, gail persuades gailliard to slip away in the confusion and rejoin his side. the war effectively comes to an end when robert e. lee surrenders to ulysses s. grant at appomattox court house. afterward, gail and gailliard reconcile.
corpus document769
our daily bread
a couple, down on their luck during the great depression, move to a farm to try to make a go of living off the land. they have no idea what to do at first, but soon find other downtrodden people to help them. soon they have a collective of people, some from the big city, who work together on a farm. there is a severe drought, killing the crops. the people then dig a ditch by hand almost two miles long to divert water from a creek to irrigate the crops.
corpus document770
the painted veil
after her sister olga marries and leaves home, katrin koerber, the daughter of an austrian medical professor, fights loneliness and dreams of a more exciting life outside austria. consequently, when dr. walter fane, a british bacteriologist, asks her to marry him and move to hong kong, she agrees, even though she is not in love with him. as soon as the newlyweds arrive in hong kong, however, walter becomes consumed with his medical work, and katrin becomes the romantic target of jack townsend, the unhappily married attaché to the british embassy. while showing her the city's exotic sights, jack flirts with katrin and kisses her. katrin, unnerved by jack's actions, retreats to her house, but soon rejoins him to observe local dancers performing at a buddhist festival. stimulated by the dancing and the atmosphere of a buddhist temple, jack confesses his love to katrin, and katrin admits that she is not in love with walter. at home, katrin then treats walter coolly and reveals that his chronic lateness and fatigue annoy her. to make amends, walter comes home early the next day, but discovers katrin's bedroom door locked and jack's hat on a table. that evening, walter confronts katrin with his suspicions, and she admits that she loves jack. distraught, walter tells katrin that he will grant her a divorce only if jack promises in writing that he will divorce his wife and marry her. when katrin presents walter's conditions to jack, he tells her that a divorce would ruin both his career and his reputation and backs out of the affair. heartbroken, katrin reluctantly accompanies walter to an inland region of china, where a cholera epidemic is raging. while walter struggles to arrest the epidemic, katrin grows more and more despondent and lonely. eventually, walter's inundation in the death and destruction wrought by the epidemic causes him to see his resentment toward katrin as insignificant. he tells her that he still loves her and will end her suffering by sending her back to hong kong, while he prepares to leave for a remote river village that has been identified as the root of the epidemic. she replies that although she is still conflicted in her feelings for jack, she nonetheless now understands what a good man walter is and that she's ashamed of having cuckolded him. after walter has left, jack realizes his genuine love for katrin and leaves hong kong for the inland. walter returns from the village after ordering it to be burned to combat the spread of the disease. he is overjoyed to find that katrin has remained to help young cholera victims at a local orphanage, rather than returning to hong kong. walter is knifed in the melee when villagers riot over having their houses burned and katrin rushes to be near him. while waiting to see her husband, katrin is confronted by jack, but tells him that she now loves only walter and at last understands the sacrifices he makes for medicine. after jack departs, katrin assures the wounded walter that she at last has fallen in love with him.
corpus document771
palooka
joe palooka (stuart erwin) is a naive young man whose father pete (robert armstrong) was a champion boxer, but his lifestyle caused joe's mother mayme (marjorie rambeau) to leave him and to take young joe to the country to raise him. but when a shady boxing manager (jimmy durante) discovers joe's natural boxing talent, joe decides to follow him to the big city, where he becomes a champion and begins to follow his father's path of debauchery, much of it including the glamorous cabaret singer and fortune hunter nina madero (lupe vélez). the film also stars william cagney, the younger brother of actor james cagney in the role of the adversary prize fighter to knobby. finally his mother comes to the city to look after things ...
corpus document772
the personality kid
joan mccarty (glenda farrell) is married to boxer ritzy mccarty (pat o'brien), who has had some minor success, due to his active footwork in the ring and colorful personality. his crowd-pleasing technique catches the eyes of promoters gavin (robert gleckler) and stephens (henry o'neill). under their management, ritzy starts fighting in better venues and attracts the attention of patricia merrill (claire dodd). patricia and ritzy began an affair, which his wife joan tolerates. when ritzy learns that he has been winning because his opponents were paid to lose the fights, and that joan agreed to these conditions, he leaves her. ritzy is suspended for fighting in a fixed fight. patricia loses interest in him because he is no longer successful. he gets a job attracting customers to a health lecture. patricia is there and invites him to visit her, but he finds a pregnant joan waiting at patricia's apartment. ritzy, now determined to provide a good life for his child, accepts an offer to lose a fight. however, ritzy puts up a good fight and knocks out his opponent after hearing that his wife has given birth to a boy. impressed by the fight, stephens visits him in the hospital and offers to put ritzy back in the ring again, this time with legitimate fights.
corpus document773
randy rides alone
randy bowers rides into town, and upon hearing a grossly off-key rendition of "sobre las olas" coming from a saloon, enters to investigate. he walks in to find the patrons and bartender all shot dead, with the song coming from a player piano, along with a note advising the local sheriffs not to investigate. the sheriffs arrive and immediately blame randy for the massacre. within the sheriff's posse is matt the mute, who cannot speak and writes to communicate—using the same handwriting as was found in the note. randy escapes with the help of sally rogers, the niece of the dead owner of the bar, who survived the massacre by hiding in a crawlspace. randy runs from the sheriff and ends up in a cave in which the bandits have their hideout. they kidnap sally, who escapes with randy's help. matt the mute is eventually exposed as the real killer and is himself killed when he enters the bar, which is filled with explosives. in the end, randy and sally are married, and they live happily ever after.
corpus document774
ready for love
marigold tate (lupino) runs away from boarding school to stay with her retired aunt. she faces hostility from the locals, who display bigotry and snobbery towards her. during a witchcraft trial she is forced into a pool of water. the event is covered by newspaper editor julian barrow (arlen), who falls in love with tate. the couple eventually move to new york, where barrow gets a job on a newspaper.
corpus document775
the richest girl in the world
when the titanic sinks, infant dorothy hunter (miriam hopkins) is left an orphan. she is brought up by john connors (henry stephenson), whose wife was also lost in the disaster. he goes to such great lengths to protect her privacy that, though she has grown into adulthood and acquired the title of the richest girl in the world, the newspapers do not have an up-to-date photograph of her. she returns to america, but her friend and secretary, sylvia lockwood (fay wray), impersonates her in a meeting with the managers of her fortune. after seeing how happy sylvia is with her new husband, phillip (reginald denny), she broaches the topic of setting a wedding date with donald (george meeker), her longtime fiancé. he is forced to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and was getting up the nerve to tell her. since she is not the least bit in love, she congratulates him. however, it is too late to cancel the party in which she had planned to announce their wedding. at the party, dorothy and sylvia continue pretending to be each other. dorothy meets anthony "tony" travers (joel mccrea) and, after winning $60 from him playing billiards, takes a great liking to him. however, stung by donald's confession that he was never sure he was attracted to her or her money, dorothy decides to see if tony would prefer her to the woman tony thinks is her. she does all in her power to encourage him to court "dorothy", even lending him money to do so. connors warns her that she is being foolish, that no man could resist choosing such a seemingly wealthy and beautiful woman, but dorothy is adamant. sylvia and phillip reluctantly play along. tony is invited to a weekend retreat. connors, sylvia, and phillip arrive a day late, using the bad weather as an excuse to give dorothy time alone with tony (though there are plenty of servants at the mansion). by this point, dorothy is deeply in love. tony tells her how much he likes her, but then adds that the richest girl in the world "wouldn't have him anyway". unable to bear being his second choice, she tells him that he would probably succeed if he proposed, so he does. sylvia, having been forewarned by dorothy, accepts him. that night however, tony sees phillip sneaking into sylvia's room. the next morning, he breaks the engagement. dorothy claims that phillip came into her bedroom, putting tony to the ultimate test. when phillip shows up for breakfast exceptionally pleased with himself, tony punches him. then, finally realizing who he really loves, he picks dorothy up and carries her off to get married in spite of what he believes she did the night before.
corpus document776
riptide
lord rexford (herbert marshall) leaves his american wife, mary (norma shearer) at home while he travels on business to america. during his absence, mary travels to the riviera to visit lord rexford's aunt. there she runs into an old flame, tommie (robert montgomery)—a good-time, heavy-drinking sort—and he ardently pursues her, eventually drawing her into a compromising situation that causes scandalous press coverage. upon his return, lord rexford is furious. his inability to believe mary's explanation, as well as the continued presence of tommie, quickly drives a wedge between husband and wife. rexford becomes cool towards mary at home and avoids her, even waiting until she has left the nursery before entering to say goodnight to their young daughter. seeking to escape the tension at home, mary eventually goes out with friends, and rexford uses the occasion to ask her for a divorce. when she tries again to explain, he tells her that her behavior no longer matters. after learning from a friend that mary was largely blameless in the incident, rexford changes his mind and sends a telegram begging her forgiveness, not knowing that his abandonment of mary has at last driven her into the arms of tommie. she tries to conceal this belated infidelity as they reconcile, but soon admits the truth when tommie asserts that he has a claim on her. rexford is furious again; this time she asks for the divorce. mary plans to return to new york, refusing any settlement and sadly renouncing custody of her daughter and all claims. while approving the final agreement, she refuses to say goodbye to her daughter, as a last meeting would be unbearable to her. as she leaves, lord rexford asks her to return to him, and as they happily reconcile, their little girl bursts into the room and embraces her parents.
corpus document777
sadie mckee
sadie mckee (crawford) works part-time as a serving maid in the same household where her mother is a cook, and is admired by the son of her employer, lawyer michael alderson (tone). however, when michael talks badly of her boyfriend, tommy wallace (gene raymond), during a family dinner, sadie openly denounces her employers as snobby and insensitive. sadie then flees to new york city with tommy, who was fired from his job in the alderson factory for alleged cheating. nearly broke, sadie and tommy are befriended in new york by opal (jean dixon), a hardened club performer, who takes them to her boardinghouse. the next morning, sadie leaves the boardinghouse to look for a job and makes plans with tommy to meet at the marriage license bureau at noon. soon after she leaves, however, neighbor dolly merrick (esther ralston) hears tommy singing in the bathroom and seduces him into joining her traveling club act, which leaves town that morning. heartbroken and embittered by tommy's desertion, sadie packs her bags, but opal implores her to stay and gets her a job as a dancer in a nightclub. ten days later, jack brennan (edward arnold), a jovial, rich alcoholic, helps sadie handle an abusive customer and then demands that she sit at his table, which he is sharing with a friend – michael alderson. still angry at michael, sadie ignores his speech to leave his intoxicated companion alone and goes home with brennan that evening. soon after, sadie marries the adoring brennan and, while enjoying her newfound wealth, does her best to handle his constant drunkenness. one afternoon, sadie, who has been following tommy's crooning career, goes to see him perform with dolly at the apollo theater and is thrilled by the loving looks he gives her during his number. however, when sadie returns home that evening, she learns from michael and the family physician that unless brennan stops drinking, he will die within six months. sobered by the diagnosis, sadie sacrifices her chance to reunite with tommy and, after rallying the servants to her side, imprisons her husband in his house and forces him to quit drinking. later sadie goes with michael and the now recovered brennan to the club where she used to dance and is startled to see dolly there performing without tommy. after she confronts dolly and finds out that tommy was dumped in new orleans, sadie confesses to brennan that she is in love with another man and wants a divorce. the understanding brennan grants sadie her request, and michael, anxious to win her forgiveness, undertakes to find tommy. michael eventually locates tommy in the city and deduces that he is suffering from tuberculosis. aided by michael, tommy is admitted to a hospital. by the time sadie is allowed to see him, tommy's condition has worsened, and he dies after telling her that it was michael who had helped him. four months later, michael celebrates his birthday with sadie and her mother, and looks into sadie's forgiving eyes before making his birthday wish.
corpus document778
the scarlet empress
sophia frederica (marlene dietrich) is the daughter of a minor german prince and an ambitious mother. she is brought to russia by count alexei (john davis lodge) at the behest of empress elizabeth (louise dresser) to marry her nephew, grand duke peter (played as a half-wit by sam jaffe in his film debut). the overbearing elizabeth renames her catherine and reinforces the demand the new bride issue an heir to the throne. unhappy in her marriage, catherine finds solace with the womanizing alexei (john davis lodge), first and foremost a paramour of the much-older elizabeth. rebuffed at this discovery, she takes lovers among the russian army to court its favor. when the old empress dies seventeen years into their marriage, peter ascends to the russian throne and takes steps against his wife. soon catherine plots and exercises a coup, beginning a reign as empress that will leave her known to history as catherine the great.
corpus document779
the scarlet letter
hester prynne has a child out of wedlock and refuses to name the father (who is a respected citizen). for this, she is sentenced to wear a red letter "a" (for adultery). her husband is long missing and presumed dead. when the husband returns and finds his wife with another man's child, he sets out to torture them. at last, the father reveals himself, with a letter "a" carved in his chest.
corpus document780
the secret bride
attorney general robert sheldon and ruth, the daughter of governor w.h. vincent have to keep their marriage a secret when investigator, daniel breeden, uncovers evidence that may show that the governor took a bribe from john f. holdstock, an embezzling financier he pardoned. john's private secretary, willis martin, who deposited the bribe money in the governor's private bank account, tells robert and daniel that he knows of no business between john and the governor that would explain the money. sheldon goes to the governor's residence to tell ruth about the situation, and that he is obligated to present the evidence to a legislative investigation committee. ruth is certain that her father did not take a bribe, and that john can explain everything, but they learn by phone from daniel that john has committed suicide. the governor is concerned about the allegations, but his financial backer, jim lansdale, calms him down, and takes him to lunch. before he does he makes a phone call in which he learns that sheldon is at the governor's residence, but he does not tell the governor this. in john's papers, robert finds a typed note which apparently provides a motive for the bribe: "my dear friend john ... the expense of maintaining my sockfarm has exceeded the income during the year ... the time for the matter we discussed has come. w.h.v." robert rushes to show it to ruth, and they decide to take it to police headquarters to be compared with a sample from the governor's personal typewriter. lt. tom nigard shows them the comparison: both samples are definitely from the same machine. ruth returns home to tell her father about the evidence, and he adamantly denies that he wrote the note, giving her his word of honor. that night, daniel goes to john's office, where a very spooked willis is still working. daniel tries to calm him down, telling him "you have nothing to worry about, it's almost over. i've seen you through today as i promised, haven't i? ... you were splendid today in robert's office. you just stick to your story and remember that i'm taking care of you." ruth goes to robert's apartment to tell him that she's absolutely certain her father is innocent. while she is there, sheldon's secretary, hazel normandie leaves for the day, planning to meet daniel, her boyfriend, outside the building. as he walks up to her, daniel is shot dead. ruth has seen everything from the window, and knows that hazel didn't fire the shot, but cannot tell the police because of her secret marriage to robert: if it was learned that she was in his apartment at night, she fears that their marriage will be discovered. the police investigation of daniel's murder determines that the gun used to kill him belonged to hazel, the same gun that daniel took from her earlier in the day, saying that he was all the protection she needed. at a raucous session of the legislature, representative mcpherson, from the party opposing the governor, accuses both the governor and attorney general sheldon of withholding evidence from the investigative committee. they are staunchly defended by representative grosvenor, but mcpherson demands articles of impeachment against the governor and intensive investigation of robert. ruth observes it all from the gallery. hazel is standing trial for the murder of daniel, with the case about to go to the jury, but ruth still refuses to testify, knowing that the revelation of her secret marriage with robert would end his career. with little time to waste, ruth goes to the apartment of willis, who appears to be cracking up. willis admits to her that john didn't commit suicide, he was murdered, and says that he is willing to tell robert so, but once at robert's office he runs away; sheldon puts out an alert for the police to pick him up. now, with no other choice, he and ruth head to the courthouse, where the jury is voting, and find hazel's attorney. the judge reopens the case to allow ruth to testify, and hazel is acquitted. the next morning, governor vincent is annoyed that ruth didn't tell him about the marriage, but understands that the circumstances necessitated it. with the governor's impeachment trial due to start soon, jim lansdale counsels the governor to resign, but he refuses. meanwhile, the legislature demands that attorney general sheldon resign, but he, too, refuses. the police find willis and bring him to robert. representative mcpherson issues subpoenas for willis and robert to testify before the committee, where the existence of the typed letter apparently from the governor to john comes out. willis admits that daniel made him put the letter into john's files, and then sent him to john to demand the money he lost in john's crash. when john denied he had any money, willis shot and killed him, and daniel fixed it to look like suicide. the whole frame-up, according to willia, is the work of jim lansdale, supposedly the governor's friend and financial backer: ever since the governor vetoed a highway bill that would have made him millions, lansdale had been working to bring down his old friend. it was lansdale who typed the letter on the typewriter in the governor's study. as the committee votes to drop the charges against the governor, lansdale slowly leaves the room and kills himself. afterwards, the governor gives his blessing to the marriage of his daughter and robert, and they kiss.
corpus document781
sequoia
toni and her father matthew martin live in the sequoia forests of california. while toni is out walking she finds a puma, which she names 'gato' and a young fawn that she calls 'malibu'. toni and her adopted animals become friends quickly. after several years, toni and her father leave the woods and gato and malibu are returned to the wild. later, when toni and her father return, they find that the animals in the area have been decimated by logging and hunting. with aggressive hunting parties roaming the area, it is up to gato and malibu to survive.[3]
corpus document782
she had to choose
sally bates (isabel jewell) leaves texas, headed for hollywood, in the 30’s. she is tempted to take a job as a mechanic, with pop (arthur stone), on the highway; but, presses on in to town. she’s going to sleep in her old “tin lizzie”. but, after she saves bill’s neck (buster crabbe), with her old six-shooter, during a botched hold-up. bill (buster crabbe), takes her home, to live with his mom, (maidel turner); and gives her a job at his drive-in restaurant. sally’s friendly and easy going manner is very popular, with the customers; but, bill gets jealous when jack (regis toomey), the reckless, younger brother of his well-to-do girlfriend clara (sally blane), starts paying sally attention, following her around in his roadster. sally is so humiliated, when clara rips off the dress jack gave her, at a nightclub, she ends up at his hotel room, married to jack, after an ill-conceived night of drinking. bill arrives, in the morning, to confront the drunken jack, and take sally home; but, when jack is so drunk, he trips, and smashes his head, killing himself; bill is under investigation for murder of the wealthy socialite.
corpus document783
the show-off
out sailing one day, j. aubrey piper saves a man from drowning. he overhears an impressed amy fisher's remark and looks her up in new jersey, irritating her family with his constant bragging but winning amy, who marries him. a humble railroad clerk, aubrey keeps pretending to be a more important man. he spends lavishly, piling up so much debt that he and amy must move in with her parents. he gets fired by his boss preston for making a wild offer on a piece of land, overstepping his authority by far. amy is fed up and intends to leave him. aubrey runs into her brother joe, an inventor whose rust-prevention idea has received a firm offer of $5,000. aubrey goes to the firm and demands joe get $100,000 plus a 50% ownership interest. the company rescinds its offer entirely. everybody's fed up with aubrey, but suddenly joe rushes home to say the company's changed its mind, offering him $50,000 plus 20%. and the railroad property paid off, too, so aubrey's offered his old job back, with a raise. he knows how lucky he's been and that he should just shut up, but he just can't.
corpus document784
the silver streak
in the face of seriously declining railroad passenger travel, engineer tom caldwell presents to the president of the cb&d railroad,[4] b.j. dexter, a design for a revolutionary diesel-electric train that will increase efficiency and lower costs. dexter opposes change, however, and the railroad's conservative board of directors agrees with him, rejecting tom's design. tom quits in frustration. sure that tom's theory is sound, dexter's daughter ruth convinces ed tyler, a locomotive manufacturer, to look into tom's design. tyler is impressed with the concept and initiates immediate construction of a prototype. soon tom and his team prepare the silver streak for a well-publicized trial run with dexter and ruth aboard as passengers. the silver streak fails to attain even half of its projected speed of 100 miles per hour (160 km/h), however, and is even easily overtaken by a steam-powered freight train. an angry dexter tells tyler that all the silver streak is good for is an exhibit at the century of progress exposition to recover his advertising expenses. tom is baffled by the failure since all the engine components worked perfectly during assembly but dexter stubbornly insists that the concept will never work. furious with dexter's attitude, tom quarrels with ruth. her brother allen, who supported tom's idea, tells his father that he is quitting the railroad to take a job as a civil engineer with the six companies, inc. constructing the boulder dam. tom and bronte, the engine's builder, discover that the electrical generator acquired for the silver streak has a manufacturing flaw. after correcting the flaw, the engine produces even greater power than he had earlier predicted. he tries to telephone ruth with the good news to reconcile with her, but she has left chicago to travel by train to california. ruth discovers en route that infantile paralysis (polio) has broken out among the dam's construction crew and detours to the site only to find that allen has contracted the disease. when a doctor informs her that allen will die within 24 hours unless he receives treatment from an iron lung respirator, ruth telephones her father to have the machine shipped to the dam by airplane. dexter is told that the iron lung is too heavy for any transport airplane to carry and cannot be disassembled. tom and tyler persuade dexter to take a gamble on the silver streak as allen's only hope. with less than twenty hours of time to travel 2,000 miles (3,200 km), the silver streak is given a cleared track and takes a shipment of drinker respirators out of chicago. tom includes bronte on his crew, unaware that he is a foreign spy wanted for murder. as radio broadcasts track the progress of the "epic errand of mercy," the silver streak breaks records as it races south against time through the night. nearing boulder city, however, bronte is revealed as a fugitive and sabotages the engine trying to stop the train, but instead causes it to speed out of control. tom knocks the spy unconscious and regains control of the runaway train just before it arrives at the station.
corpus document785
sing sing nights
three men have been convicted of the same murder of the, admittedly, quite reprehensible floyd cooper, and sit on death row awaiting execution the following morning. however, only one bullet could have struck the victim first, so only one of the three men is actually guilty of murder, since "the other two shot into a corpse," and so must be innocent; but which two? professor varney's machine, a kind of lie detector, will determine who is guilty as each man tells the story of how he came to know, hate, and kill the victim.
corpus document786
social register
patsy shaw (moore) upsets a stuffy party at the home of wealthy mr. henry breene (john miltern) by stealing a necktie to win the scavenger hunt at robert benchley's party across the street. charlie breene (alexander kirkland), henry's spoiled son, comes to retrieve his tie and becomes infatuated with patsy. three months later, charlie gives patsy a valuable diamond bracelet, which she reluctantly accepts. back at her apartment, lester trout (ross alexander), a saxophone player, convinces patsy that he is ill and has lost his job. patsy gives lester the bracelet as a loan, against the advice of her friends, who are suspicious of him. charlie's mother, mrs. henry horace "maggie" breene (pauline frederick), fearful of her son's relationship with a plebeian, arranges a party hoping patsy's lack of social graces will ruin charlie's affection for her. finding the party boring, patsy goes to the bar, where after a few drinks, she begins to entertain the guests who are slowly wandering in to escape the dull affair. maggie, relying on the family patriarch, uncle jefferson breene (charles winninger), to end the romance, announces his arrival, but she is aghast when patsy fondly hugs the old man whom she knows as "jonesie," the friend of one of her roommates. maggie then asks family attorney albert wiggins (garvie) to end the romance, no matter the cost. wiggins pays lester to tell patsy that he is ill and in need of her help. charlie is informed about what patsy did with the bracelet and accuses her of being unfaithful. lester convinces patsy to marry him, but as soon as they wed, she finds wiggins' check for $5000 and realizes the truth. patsy tears the check up, just as charlie arrives with jonesie, who arranges their reconciliation. having only been married to lester for ten minutes, charlie has wiggins arrange patsy's annulment.
corpus document787
springtime for henry
henry dewlip is the heir to his late father's prosperous automobile plant. he lets underlings run things while he indulges in wine, women and song, stringing women along. julia jelliwell is the latest woman to have the key to his apartment but there are problems, like her husband. also the strait-laced miss smith, his latest secretary who secretly harbours a crush on him. she manages to spoil things with julia and then to try to get him to take an interest in his car plant, spoiling a chance for johnny to sell him a carburetor. things fall flat when henry finds that not only was miss smith previously married but she has a baby. this upsets henry and the butler takes the chance to reinstate the old system that worked so well, so he calls julia. at a mission for reforming souls, a fight ensues and both henry and julia end up in cells. finally released, he now has a cold. later he dictates to miss smith in a sharp voice and she says that her husband is dead. she shot him a year previously in paris. henry quickly falls out of love with her and goes back to julia. henry takes johnny's carburetor business into his motor business and takes up with julia. meanwhile, johnny has been smitten by miss smith.
corpus document788
stamboul quest
in 1915 berlin, the german high command is worried about ally turkey. recent british attacks on the vital dardanelles shows signs of inside knowledge. von sturm (lionel atwill), the head of german intelligence, is ordered to find out if ali bey (c. henry gordon), the turkish commander of the region, is the traitor. as his best agent has not been heard from in several weeks, von sturm assigns kruger (leo g. carroll) the task. shortly afterwards, annemarie (myrna loy), known by the code name "fräulein doktor", returns after completing her mission. she also informs von sturm that fellow spy mata hari has fallen in love and therefore can no longer be trusted. she recommends that an incriminating message be sent using a code that she knows has been broken by the allies. in addition, she uncovers kruger as a british double agent known as k-6. when kruger is arrested at his dentist contact's office, another patient, american medical student douglas beall (george brent), is also taken into custody, though he is later released. just to be sure though, von sturm orders annemarie to make sure beall is innocent. she arranges to be rescued from an unwanted "suitor" by beall, who invites her to his hotel suite. during the course of the evening, he confesses he has fallen in love with her, now going by the name helena bohlen. helena is attracted to him, but when she reads a coded message from von sturm informing her that he has taken her advice regarding mata hari, she abruptly leaves. beall persists however. when helena boards the train to constantinople, he follows her on the spur of the moment and continues courting her, despite her half-hearted attempts to discourage him. her assistant karl (rudolph amendt) watches with growing concern. as they near the turkish border, she orders karl to return to germany so beall can use his visa. to answer beall's persistent questions, helena has to admit she is a german spy. this has no effect on his love. meanwhile, she attracts ali bey with her beauty. when she accepts his invitation to dinner, she poses as british agent k-6 and negotiates for vital information. to gain his trust, she arranges for beall to be framed as a spy by von sturm (who has arrived after becoming concerned by karl's reports) and supposedly executed by firing squad, though a french prisoner is to be substituted. his suspicions (and jealousy) allayed, ali bey compromises himself and is arrested by his turkish superiors. when von sturm admits that he was unable to make the switch and that beall really was shot, helena loses her sanity and is confined in a nunnery. refusing to accept the truth, she expects her lover to find her and take her away. it turns out that von sturm had lied in an attempt to avoid losing his best agent. he had not dared to risk antagonizing a then-neutral america. in the final scene, helena is reunited with beall.
corpus document789
stand up and cheer!
the president of the united states decides that the true cause of the great depression (raging when the film was released) is a loss of "optimism" as a result of a plot by financiers and bankers who are getting rich from the depression. the president then appoints lawrence cromwell as secretary for the newly created department of amusement. cromwell creates an army of entertainers and sends them out across the country. much of the action centers around cromwell auditioning acts in his office (with interruptions from janitor "george bernard shaw" (played by stepin fetchit). at the end, as a musical production number breaks forth, cromwell looks out of his office window and sees the depression literally, instantaneously lift.
corpus document790
stingaree
in 1874 australia, newly installed police inspector radford boasts to wealthy hugh clarkson that he will capture the famous outlaw stingaree, who has returned to the area. hilda bouverie is an impoverished servant working for the clarksons. mr. clarkson is kind, but his wife treats hilda and annie, another servant, as menials. mrs. clarkson is excited by the news that sir julian kent, a renowned british composer, is going to be her guest. she dreams of performing before him and becoming an opera star, but her singing is not good. hilda begs to be allowed to sing as well, but mrs. clarkson turns her down. meanwhile, sir julian stops over at a tavern, where radford and his colleagues are drinking. when stingaree enters, the policemen are suspicious of the stranger; he is searched, but no weapon is found. his sidekick howie follows, only he is armed. they abduct sir julian. unaware of this, mrs. clarkson goes off to meet sir julian. while she is away, hilda, who dreams of being an opera singer herself, plays sir julian's new song. when stingaree enters the clarkson residence to reconnoitre for a future robbery, she mistakes him for sir julian and sings for him. he is entranced, and praises her talent. when the clarksons return, they are accompanied by radford, who eventually recalls stingaree. unmasked, he flees, taking hilda with him. when they reach his hideout, stingaree is annoyed to find that howie has let sir julian escape, foiling his attempt to get her an audition. hilda tells him that her parents had the dream of singing, and that when they died she inherited the dream. then stingaree kisses her. sir julian attends a recital at the clarksons house, with mrs. clarkson singing his song disastrously. howie holds the guests at gunpoint while stingaree accompanies hilda on the piano. sir julian is greatly impressed by her singing. as the guests congratulate her, stingaree and howie slip away. however, radford manages to shoot and arrest stingaree. when a furious mrs. clarkson fires hilda, sir julian invites her to europe. hilda refuses, unwilling to abandon stingaree, but then she receives a letter from him telling her to pursue her dream, and that he gave up his freedom for her. she leaves, taking annie with her. under sir julian's tutelage, she becomes a famous opera singer. though she cannot forget stingaree, she agrees to marry sir julian. the night before the wedding, however, she tells him that she cannot go through with it. she is going to give up her career and return to australia. he persuades her to perform at a concert in melbourne, hoping that the contrast with the fabulous opera houses of europe will change her mind. meanwhile, stingaree escapes, and holds up the new governor-general's stagecoach. he borrows the man's uniform and attends the concert disguised as him. when he is recognized, the police pursue him. he sneaks into hilda's dressing room. hilda offers to give up her singing career for him. as the police try to break down the door, he picks her up in his arms and escapes through the window. they ride off together on his horse.
corpus document791
strange wives
against his better judgment, stockbroker jimmy king proposes marriage to a russian refugee called nadja, promptly complicating his life. he ends up supporting nadja and all of her family, then must come up with a clever way of getting them all to be self-reliant and out of his house.
corpus document792
success at any price
joe, an amoral capitalist and boyfriend of sarah griswold, gets a job as a clerk in a new york city advertising agency and starts to work his way to the top. he is fired, but sarah intervenes on his behalf and he manages to create an ad that earns him a promotion. he meets the mistress of his boss and decides he wants to win her from him. the company is in trouble, but joe has invested wisely and sells out his boss to his competitor. he abandons sarah and proposes to the mistress, who marries him. joe becomes head of his agency, but because he neglects his new wife, she becomes the mistress of another man. he attempts suicide, but sarah rescues him and nurses him back to health.
corpus document793
a successful failure
ellery cushing (william collier, sr.) has trouble at home, and at work. when he's fired from the newspaper where he’s worked for fifteen years, his friend phil (russell hopton) quits too, outraged. together, they work from their “office”, on a park bench, until phil can get ellery a try-out, on a radio spot, as “uncle dudley”. the character is a big hit, with his folksy witticisms. meanwhile, at home, ma, mrs. cushing (lucile gleason), has her hands full with their daughter, ruth (gloria shea), who has spurned phil’s attentions for an aging lothario, jerry (jameson thomas). while their oldest son, robert (william janney), after turning down a job, has got mixed up with some “red” rabble-rousers, in the park. only their youngest son, tommy (george p. breakston), manages to stay out of trouble, doing his homework. tommy thinks their dad is alright, even better than “that guy on the radio”, who they don’t know is their father. it’s only after “uncle dudley” gets a concussion, after being hit with a brick, quelling a riot of “reds”, in the park that his family begin to value his worth, and, phil’s, if they all live to appreciate it.
corpus document794
tarzan and his mate
tarzan and his wife jane live in the jungle, along with their domesticated chimpanzee, cheeta. harry holt and his business partner martin arlington, leading a large party of locals, meet up with them on their way to take ivory from an elephant burial ground. holt had visited the burial ground with tarzan on an earlier trip to the jungle, during which he had also met jane. holt had sought tarzan out, as he was the only one who knew the way to the burial ground. on this trip, holt tries to convince jane to return with him to civilization, by bringing her gifts such as clothing and modern gadgets. jane tells him she would rather stay with tarzan. she does agree to convince tarzan to act as their guide to the burial ground. when tarzan calls an elephant to his side, arlington gets the idea that they can use elephants as pack animals, enabling them to haul much more ivory. when jane tries to convince tarzan to call more elephants, she explains to him about hauling the ivory away. tarzan, thinking that taking the ivory is profaning the burial ground, refuses to call any more elephants. in addition, he refuses to even lead them to the burial ground, now that he knows of their intent. arlington and holt have everything they own tied up in this venture to get the ivory, and are frantic to continue on. jane explains that tarzan knows nothing about money, so that would not matter to him. arlington asks holt how they had found the burial ground on his first trip, and holt explains that they had followed a dying elephant. seizing on that idea, arlington shoots an elephant, mortally wounding it so that it can guide them to the burial grounds. only jane's intervention keeps tarzan from murdering arlington. after being abandoned by tarzan and jane, arlington and holt lead their baggage carriers, led by saidi, a friend of jane and tarzan's, to the burial ground, following the wounded elephant. elephants, aware of the impending disgrace of their sacred ground, turn up in the hundreds, and threaten to exterminate holt and arlington's party. tarzan and jane arrive in time to save them, after which arlington feigns repentance, promising to leave the next day without the ivory. satisfied, tarzan agrees to lead their exit, and sends the elephants away. early the next morning, arlington ambushes tarzan, shooting him out of a tree. tarzan falls into the water, and arlington thinks he has killed him. after arlington leaves and returns back to the group, a hippopotamus rescues a semi-conscious tarzan from under the water and carries him to a group of chimpanzees, which tend to him. tarzan has received a head wound from one of arlington's bullets, but it was a grazing shot, which has left him very weak. the head chimpanzee applies sap from a local plant to the wound, staunching the bleeding. arlington returns to the group, claiming that he saw tarzan being taken unawares by an alligator, and killed. jane distraught over losing her love, agrees to return to civilization. with tarzan out of the way, arlington and holt have their baggage carriers each take a tusk from the burial ground, and they begin to head back. cheeta leaves jane and goes off to look for tarzan. chased by a lion, cheeta escapes and comes upon the chimpanzee group tending to tarzan. as tarzan recuperates, the safari makes its way through the jungle. cheeta returns and lets jane know that tarzan is alive. however, shortly after the safari is confronted by a local tribe of "lion men", who kill two of the bearers, and intend to kill the entire safari. under cover of gunfire, most of the safari makes it to the cover of some nearby caves, set into the face of a rocky cliff. the bearer who was carrying the ammunition crate is killed on the way. when saidi makes an attempt to retrieve the crate, he is captured by the lion men. cheeta escapes and runs off to tell tarzan trapped in the caves, the safari watch in horror the next morning as saidi is staked out to a tree, as the lion men intend to use him as bait to call lions to attack the safari. when holt rushes out to save him, he is wounded by a spear thrown by one of the lion men, who have taken up positions in the trees surrounding the glade. wounded, he begins to free saidi when the lions show up, who tear him and saidi to pieces. meanwhile, cheeta has returned to tarzan, who while still weak, sets off after cheeta. the lions attempt to get at the safari in the caves, but are held off by jane and arlington and one of the bearers. when the bearer goes down on a ledge, arlington goes out to save him, and he is attacked by a lion who has come from above the caves. arlington is killed, but jane kills the charging lion. as the large pack of lions becomes more aggressive, tarzan and the chimpanzees arrive. the chimpanzees begin to throw the lion men out of the trees, where they are ravaged by the lions. jane is holding off several lions, killing two of them, before she runs out of ammo. as she is about to be attacked by the last lion, tarzan arrives and wrestles with it, killing it with his knife. shortly after, a large herd of elephants arrives, trampling the pride of lions, killing several and running the remainder off. with the lion men and the lions routed, the elephants along with tarzan, jane, and cheeta, take up the ivory and return it to the burial ground.
corpus document795
their big moment
tillie whim (zasu pitts), a timid stage assistant to the great la salle (william gaxton) in a small mentalist act playing a vaudeville theater, is harassed, bullied, and undermined by the act's co-star, primadonna lottie (tamara geva). when lottie finally attempts to fire tillie after a performance, la salle fires lottie instead. the remaining troupe are then hired backstage by an audience member (bruce cabot) to debunk another mentalist, whom he accuses of exploiting his friend, a grief-stricken woman who has recently lost her husband in a plane crash. tillie is promoted to lottie's old role as medium, but unexpectedly deviates from the script when the spirit of the departed tells her that the plane crash was murder.
corpus document796
there's always tomorrow
joe white is a successful white-collar worker whose home contains his loving wife, five children (four of them grown) and a maid. the family is so self-absorbed with their own activities that he frequently feels left out, and any attempts he makes at family activity is overruled by their previously-made plans (which he was not informed of). they also generally take advantage of him, forcing him to do menial tasks like fixing the furnace, or taking the streetcar because the kids want to use the car. despite all of this, he remains generally upbeat. one night while his kids are throwing a party, his former secretary, alice, stops by the house, not realizing it's his. they rekindle their friendship and go to the show joe wanted to take his wife to; when he returns, he finds he wasn't even missed. they agree to meet once a week, just to sit and talk; joe tells his family that he's going to "lodge night" on those evenings. then one night, the kids spot him going into her home and immediately assume he's having an affair. their anger threatens to tear the family apart.
corpus document797
the thin man
nick charles (william powell), a retired detective, and his wife nora (myrna loy) are attempting to settle down. they are based in san francisco but decide to spend the christmas holidays in new york. there nick is pressed back into service by dorothy wynant (maureen o'sullivan), a young woman whose father was an old client of nick's. the man, clyde wynant (the title's "thin man"), was supposed to be on a secret business trip and promised to be home before his daughter's wedding, but has mysteriously vanished. she convinces nick to take the case, much to the amusement of his socialite wife. it starts out as a missing person case, but when wynant's former secretary and love interest, julia wolf, is found dead, evidence points to wynant as the prime suspect. dorothy refuses to believe that her father is guilty. the detective uncovers clues and eventually solves the mystery of the disappearance. the murderer is revealed in a classic dinner party scene that features all of the suspects. a skeletonized body, found during the investigation, had been assumed to be that of a "fat man" because it was wearing oversized clothing. the clothes are revealed to be planted, and the identity of the body is accurately determined by an old war wound in one leg. it turns out that the body belongs to a "thin man": the missing wynant. the real killer is uncovered at the dinner party, before he almost takes the life of someone who knows too much.
corpus document798
thirty day princess
on her way to new york to find financial backing for her impoverished country, the ruritanian kingdom of taronia, princess "zizzi" catterina (sylvia sidney) falls ill with the mumps and has to be quarantined for a month. in desperation, financier richard gresham (edward arnold), who is planning to issue $50 million in taronian bonds, hires unemployed lookalike actress nancy lane (sidney again) to impersonate the princess, and offers her a large bonus if she changes the mind of the chief opponent of the financial transaction, newspaper publisher porter madison iii (cary grant).
corpus document799
this man is mine
tony and jim dunlap are happily married. however, the dull-but-dependable jim had been in love with fran harper, a school friend of tony's, before he was married to tony, and fran has just been divorced. now fran is coming their way, bringing her pick-up boyfriend mort holmes along, and she intends to steal jim from tony. tony sees fran as a reminder of her own mother, who left tony's father and caused him to drink himself to death. thus, tony is determined to avoid meeting fran. however, they meet at the house of their friends jud and bee mccrae, and fran goes off with jim after everyone has left. when tony finds that jim and fran have been together, she threatens to divorce him. however, tony eventually beats fran at her own game, and wins jim back.
corpus document800
this side of heaven
personal and professional problems eventually drive a man to attempt suicide.
corpus document801
thunder over texas
the film opens with an apparent bank robbery terminated when the driver of the alleged getaway car is fatally shot by a sniper. inside the car is the late driver's daughter, tiny norton who is adopted by rancher ted wright and his three stooges type ranch hands, tom, dick and harry, the "three radio nuts" who spend their time impersonating radio stars. the robbery and assassination of tiny's father was orchestrated by a cruel and corrupt banker in cahoots with a crooked sheriff.
corpus document802
transatlantic merry-go-round
gangster lee lother (sidney blackmer) is shot and killed during an ocean liner cruise, and we're introduced in flashback to the interwoven stories and characters of the suspects: con-man and jewel-thief jimmy brett and his accomplice, a wife who bids goodbye to her husband without realizing he'll stowaway to spy on her, the star of the ship's entertainment revue and her brother with gambling debts, and the inspector who interrupts his vacation to solve the case. the film's many musical numbers include a busby berkeley-like number with chorus girls in geometric patterns filmed from overhead. a song performed by the boswell sisters titled "rock and roll", written by richard a. whiting and sidney clare, is sometimes credited as the first use of that term in a popular song,[1] although in this case the lyrics referred to the motion of the ocean.[2]
corpus document803
treasure island
young jim hawkins (jackie cooper) and his mother (dorothy peterson) run the admiral benbow, a tavern near bristol, england. one dark and stormy night, during a birthday celebration, the mysterious billy bones (lionel barrymore) arrives and drunkenly talks about treasure. soon after, bones is visited by black dog (charles mcnaughton) then pew (william v. mong), and drops dead, leaving a chest, which he bragged contained gold and jewels. instead of money, jim finds a map that his friend dr. livesey (otto kruger) realizes will lead them to the famous flint treasure. squire trelawney (nigel bruce) raises money for a voyage to the treasure island and they set sail on captain alexander smollett's (lewis stone) ship hispaniola. also on board is the one-legged long john silver (wallace beery) and his cronies. even though bones had warned jim about a sailor with one leg, they become friends. during the voyage, several fatal "accidents" happen to sailors who disapprove of silver and his cohorts. then, the night before landing on the island, jim overhears silver plotting to take the treasure and kill smollett's men. jim goes ashore with the men, and encounters an old hermit named ben gunn (chic sale), who tells him that he has found flint's treasure. meanwhile, smollett (lewis stone) and his loyal men flee to flint's stockade on the island for safety. silver's men then attack the stockade when smollett refuses to give them the treasure map. while the situation looks hopeless, jim secretly goes back to the hispaniola at night, sails it to a safe location and shoots one of the pirates in self-defense. when he returns to the stockade, silver's men are there and silver tells them that a treaty has been signed. the pirates want to kill jim, but silver protects him. dr. livesey comes for jim, but the boy refuses to break his word to silver not to run away. the next day the pirates search for the treasure hold and when they find it, it is empty. when some of the pirates mutiny against silver, livesey (otto kruger) and gunn (charles "chic" sale) join him in the fight. smollett then sails home with the treasure, which gunn had hidden in his cave, and with silver as his prisoner. unable to stand by and let his friend be hanged, jim frees silver. as he sails away, silver promises to hunt treasure with jim again some day, as honest john silver.
corpus document804
twentieth century
ebullient broadway impresario oscar jaffe (john barrymore) takes an unknown lingerie model named mildred plotka (carole lombard) and makes her the star of his latest play, despite the grave misgivings of everyone else, including his two long-suffering assistants, accountant oliver webb (walter connolly) and the consistently tipsy owen o'malley (roscoe karns). through intensive training, oscar transforms his protegée into the actress "lily garland", and both she and the play are resounding successes. over the next three years, their partnership spawns three more smash hits, and lily is recognized as a transcendent talent. then lily tries to break off their professional and personal relationship, fed up with oscar's overpossesiveness and control of every aspect of her life. oscar talks her out of it, promising to be more trusting and less controlling in the future. instead, he secretly hires a private detective agency run by mcgonigle to watch her every move, even to the point of tapping her telephone. when she finds out, it is the last straw; she leaves for hollywood and soon becomes a big movie star. without lily, oscar produces flop after flop. after one such disappointment, to avoid being imprisoned for his debts, he is forced to disguise himself to board the luxurious twentieth century limited train travelling from chicago to new york city's grand central terminal. by chance, lily garland boards the train at a later stop with her boyfriend george smith (ralph forbes). after prevaricating, oscar sees a chance to restore his fortunes and salvage his relationship with lily. oscar schemes to get her to sign a contract with him. however, lily wants nothing more to do with him. she is on her way to see oscar's rival (and former employee), max jacobs (charles lane (actor)), to star in his play. however, oscar manages to get george to break up with her. knowing that lily offers him one last chance at professional success he tells her of his wish for her to play mary magdalene in his new play; "sensual, heartless, but beautiful – running the gamut from the gutter, to glory – can you see her lily? – the little wanton ending up in tears at the foot of the cross. i'm going to have judas strangle himself with her hair." then oliver thinks he has found somebody to finance oscar's project, fellow passenger mathew j. clark (etienne girardot), not realizing that clark is a harmless escapee from a mental asylum. when oscar is slightly wounded in a scuffle with clark, he pretends to be dying and gets a distraught lily to sign his contract. the film ends with their first rehearsal, where oscar reverts to his usual self, domineering a desperate lily.
corpus document805
twenty million sweethearts
agent russell edward 'rush' blake (pat o'brien) is able to promote the singing tenor waiter buddy clayton (dick powell) as a major radio star whilst buddy's wife peggy cornell (ginger rogers) loses out. in the end, peggy does not lose buddy to his "twenty million sweethearts" - his female fans.[1]
corpus document806
upper world
upper world tells the story of alexander stream (warren william), a wealthy railroad tycoon, who is devoted to his wife (mary astor), has an affair with a chorus girl (ginger rogers), which leads to blackmail and murder. alexander (alex) stream is a multimillionaire. while he is devoted to his wife, hettie (astor) and son, tommy (dickie moore), she is too busy playing attending and throwing society functions to pay much attention to her husband. while out in his yacht, he encounters a young woman, lilly linda (rogers) who is drowning in the ocean. the crew throws her a life preserver and pulls her out of the water, gets her a towel and loans her some of his clothes. he gives her a ride home in his limousine and she invites him to come in so she can give the clothes back to him. to thank him, she offers to make him breakfast and he ends up skipping all of his morning appointments to have breakfast with her. on the way to his appointments, his car is stopped for speeding by officer moran (sidney toler), an incorruptible law and order beat cop. alex pulls some strings and gets moran demoted. meanwhile, when alex gets back home his wife is in the middle of throwing a large costume party. she asks him to come to the party and alex tells her that he misses spending time alone with her. hettie replies that for her, maintaining her social position is as important as his career is to him. alex declines putting in an appearance at the party and instead plays with tommy. the next day, he makes dinner reservations at an expensive restaurant and special arrangements for a cake for his and hattie's 14th wedding anniversary. when he calls hettie to invite her to meet him in the city for dinner, she tells him she can't make it because she has other dinner plans already. as his driver is taking him home, alex sees a picture of linda showing she is headlining a show. afterwards, he stops backstage to invite her to share the anniversary dinner with him. at dinner she realizes that he asked her because his wife wasn't able to come. after an innocent dinner, oscar, his driver (andy devine) brings him home and he and alex discuss that neither of them will tell anyone about his dinner with lilly. the next morning, he wakes up and finds that his wife has made arrangements to send tommy to a sleep away summer camp 200 miles away. he expresses his displeasure but hettie reminds him that it's necessary for their social position. after tommy leaves, hettie tells alex that she's going away for two weeks with some of her society friends. feeling depressed and at loose ends, alex makes another date with lilly to go for a ride in his airplane. in the meantime, lilly's manager and boyfriend, louie colima (j. carrol naish) is encouraging her to have an affair with alex so the two of them can blackmail him. after a minor accident, lilly and alex kiss. a few months later, alex has put lilly in an luxury apartment and purchases her a $12,000 diamond bracelet for her birthday. on the way to dinner, hettie finds the gift box while straightening alex's tie and assumes it's for her. in the meantime, louie tells lilly that it's time to blackmail alex and breaks open her bedroom door and slaps her to the ground when she refuses to give him the letters. he picks up a gun that lilly pointed at him and tosses it in a chair on his way to the door. at the door he comes face to face with alex who tells him that he and lilly were planning to blackmail him all along. lilly comes into the room and is clearly upset because she is sincerely in love with him. alex demands that lou give him the letters and in the ensuring tussle, lou fires his gun at alex but kills lilly instead. when his gun jams, alex picks up the gun lou tossed in the chair and kills him. he makes the shootings look like a murder suicide and erases evidence that he was there. when he gets home, hettie is waiting for him to tell him that not only is she bringing tommy home from military school but that she realizes that she has been ignoring him and wants to spend more time together. unbeknownst to alex, moran, now walking the beat, saw his car parked illegally in front of lilly's building and watched him drive away. while everyone else is saying it's a murder suicide, moran puts pieces together and believes that someone else committed the murders. when the murders become front-page news, alex goes to the building and pays off the maintenance man to say that he never saw him come to the building. by this point, moran is suspicious that alex is the killer so he contrives to get alex's fingerprints to compare them against the fingerprints found in the apartment. when he brings this to the detectives, he finds out that they have been paid off. he causes a scene in the office and the chief of detectives has him taken to jail. the reporters follow him to the jail cell because he has been yelling that alex is involved with the murder. several reporters show up with a fingerprint technician and alex's house where he is having a large party to announce his acquisition of another railroad company. when they come in, they demand that he give them his fingerprints to clear his name. when he can't find a way out of it, alex submits his prints knowing they will match prints found in lilly's apartment. after giving his fingerprints, he returns to the party. the technician has compared the fingerprints while waiting in the hallway and when they match, the policemen who accompanied them arrest him for murder. when the press crashes through the door asking him for a statement, alex tells the assembled company that he is being arrested and charged with murder. while waiting for the verdict to come back, he is summoned to the judge's chambers and finds that hettie and tommy are there. hettie tells him that they are leaving for europe the next day and she wanted to give him a chance to say goodbye to tommy. she tells him that she could forgive him if it weren't for the affair. he responds by telling her that he was very lonely. he tells hettie that while he was fond of lilly, he still loves hettie and her constant unavailability made him lonely enough to reach out to someone else for the attention he wasn't getting at home. he returns to the courtroom where the jury verdict is beginning to be read. the scene cuts to a ship. tommy is talking to oscar about traveling to england. the camera draws back to show alex sitting next to hettie on the deck. this trip is a second honeymoon and the two of them vow to always take time for each other and their marriage.
corpus document807
a very honorable guy
well respected local good guy, feet samuels finds himself heavily in debt due to an uncharacteristic gambling binge. feet decides the only way to settle the bill is by selling his body to an ambitious doctor who agrees to allow him one last month to live life to the fullest, then kill himself.
corpus document808
viva villa!
after seeing his poor father lose his land and be whipped to death for protesting, young pancho villa stabs one of the killers, then heads off into the hills of chihuahua, mexico during the 1880s. as a grown man, villa and a band of rebel bandits, including his trusted ally sierra, kill wealthy landowners and become heroes to their fellow "peons." a wealthy aristocrat, don felipe, arranges an introduction for villa to the distinguished and eloquent francisco madero, who resents what has become of mexico under the rule of president porfirio díaz and persuades villa to help him fight for liberty, not just for personal gain. the coarse and illiterate villa is humbled in the presence of madero and agrees to fight for his cause. he also is attracted to don felipe's beautiful sister teresa, although there are many women in villa's life, including one he is married to, rosita. villa's exploits are made even more colorful by an american newspaper reporter, johnny sykes, to whom villa has taken a great liking. while drunk, sykes is misinformed and reports that villa has already overtaken the village of santa rosalia in a great victory for his men. disobeying the orders of madero and the arrogant general pascal, simply to help his newspaper friend, villa stages a raid on santa rosalia, as well as on juarez. madero ultimately assumes office in mexico city, then commands villa to disband his personal army. villa agrees, but when sierra kills a bank teller just so villa can withdraw his money, villa himself ends up sentenced to death. a gloating general pascal mocks the way villa pleads for his life, then reads a telegram from madero, ordering that villa instead be exiled from the country. alone and drunk in el paso, texas, feeling forsaken by his homeland, villa is visited by sykes, who informs him that madero has been assassinated by the power-mad pascal and his men. villa returns to mexico and rebuilds his own army, recruiting tens of thousands to ride by his side. together they storm the capital, where pascal is subjected to a particularly gruesome death. villa takes what he wants, but when teresa resists and he physically assaults her, she draws a gun that her brother don felipe has given her for protection. sierra intervenes and murders her. villa appoints himself president but is ineffectual, unable to restore madero's dream of land reform for mexico's poor. he ultimately agrees to step aside and go back to where he belongs, including to his wife. before he can, with sykes by his side, villa is gunned down by don felipe out of revenge for his sister. sykes vows to keep villa's memory alive, telling his dying friend that he is no longer news, but history.
corpus document809
we live again
russian prince dmitri nekhlyudov (fredric march) seduces innocent young katusha maslova (anna sten), a servant to his aunts. after they spend the night together in the greenhouse, dmitri leaves the next morning, outraging katusha by not leaving a note for her, only money. when she becomes pregnant, she is fired, and when the baby is born, it dies and is buried unbaptized. katusha then goes to moscow, where she falls into a life of prostitution, poverty and degradation. dmitri, now engaged to missy (jane baxter), the daughter of the wealthy judge, prince kortchagin (c. aubrey smith), is called for jury duty in kotchagin's court for a murder trial. the case is about a merchant who has been killed, and dmitri is astonished to see that katusha is one of the defendants. the jury finds that she is guilty of "giving the powder to the merchant smerkov without intent to rob", but because they neglected to say without intent to kill, even though the jury intended to free her, the judge sentences her to five years hard labor in siberia. feeling guilty about abandoning katusha years before, and wanting to redeem her and himself as well, the once-callous nobleman attempts to get her released from prison. he fails in his efforts, so he returns to the prison to ask katusha to marry him. when he doesn't show up on the day the prisoners are to be transported, katusha gives up hope, but then he appears on the border of siberia where the prisoners are being processed: he has divided his land among his servants and wants to "live again" with her forgiveness, help and love.[1][2][3]
corpus document810
we're not dressing
spoiled socialite doris worthington (lombard) is sailing the pacific with her friend edith (merman) and her uncle hubert (errol), while being courted by prince michael (milland) and prince alexander (henry). she is bored, however, and finds entertainment in verbal sparring with one of the sailors, stephen jones (crosby). during one of their battles, doris slaps stephen, who retaliates by kissing her and gets fired. in a drunken accident, uncle hubert runs the yacht onto a reef in the fog. stephen rescues the unconscious doris as the others flee the capsized ship, and everyone makes it to the tropical island although the princes claim credit for doris’s rescue. unfortunately, the only person with any survival skills is stephen, and the socialites are quick to demand that he gather food and build shelter. stephen attempts to divide up the work but the haughty passengers snub his leadership so he fends for himself. the smells from stephen’s dinner of mussels and coconuts soon entice the hungry passengers to gather their own food; all except doris, who tricks stephen to get his food and gets slapped in turn. the group is forced to cooperate, although doris remains indignant and infuriated. doris discovers that there are other people on the island when she falls prey to a lion trap in the jungle: zany gracie (allen) and scientific husband george (burns) live on the other side of the not-so-deserted isle. she refuses their offer to stay in favor of getting even with stephen. doris arranges for some tools and clothes to float past stephen, who is elated at his "discovery" and quickly builds a house. the couple admit their love that evening but feel mismatched. two rescue boats arrive. in the hubbub, stephen finds out that the clothes and tools came from doris and is angry at being the butt of the joke. stephen takes a different boat than doris. as doris watches the princes resume their womanizing ways on board ship, she realizes she misses stephen. she changes ships to join him, for better or for worse.
corpus document811
wednesday's child
ten-year-old bobby (frankie thomas) and a group of friends see bobby's mother (karen morley) kissing a man not her husband. despite serious concerns about bobby, a divorce ensues and bobby, although thoroughly disenchanted with his mother, is sent away with her where month after month despite all her efforts he grows more depressed, dreaming of reunification with his beloved father (edward arnold). on returning to his father at vacation, he finds him preoccupied with an impending second marriage. bobby suffers a serious breakdown but is nevertheless packed off to military school.
corpus document812
west of the divide
ted hayden (john wayne) poses as the deceased killer gat ganns in order to learn the identity of his father's murderer and to find his long-lost kid brother.
corpus document813
wharf angel
two stokers who work on the same ship become rivals for the love of a woman who works in a saloon in the tough barbary coast area of san francisco.[2]
corpus document814
what every woman knows
alick wylie (david torrence) and his sons david (donald crisp) and james (dudley digges) are greatly concerned about alick's daughter maggie (helen hayes), who has been jilted by a minister. she is less than heartbroken, but they fear for her marital prospects at the age of 27. when they catch poor but ambitious 21-year-old john shand (brian ahern) breaking into their house late at night to use their library, they seize the opportunity. impressed by his initiative, they offer him £300 to finance his studies provided that he give maggie the option of marrying him after five years. after some thought, he agrees. the wylies insist he sign a formal contract. as the five years draw to an end, he stands for parliament and wins. two of the "quality", la contessa la brierre (lucile watson) and her niece lady sybil tenterden (madge evans), show up to congratulate him. lady sybil had lately shown an unexpected interest in politics after seeing the handsome victor. on the train to london to take his seat, john is given the opportunity by maggie to back out of their agreement, but he avers that a bargain is a bargain and marries her. lady sybil helps forward john's political career, and the two fall in love. maggie too works diligently and craftily on her husband's behalf, planting ideas that he takes for his own. john has become a financial expert, and is for the country dropping the gold standard, which is against the policy of his labour party. when the influential politician charles venables (henry stephenson) comes to sound him out, maggie sees him first and takes it upon herself to state that john would resign from the party rather than betray his principles. venables is delighted. matters finally come to a head on the shands' second wedding anniversary, with john telling maggie and her family that he and lady sybil are in love. he insists on writing a letter of resignation from parliament. maggie persuades him to postpone their public separation for a month so he can finish writing his book. she arranges for him to stay at the estate of her good friend, la contessa; secretly, she also asks la contessa to invite lady sybil as well. things turn out the way she had hoped: john and lady sybil's ardor does not survive having to spend an entire month together. meanwhile, maggie goes to see venables. she presents him with john's letter, telling him that her husband has resigned over the gold standard. venables is so impressed he offers john an important post in the coalition government he is forming. when john finds out what maggie has done, he is somewhat offended. however, she assures him that "what every woman knows" is that behind every successful man is a woman who secretly strives to help him. in the end, he sees things her way, and is cajoled into laughing for the first time in his life.
corpus document815
whirlpool
buck rankin (jack holt) as a shady carnival promoter. he was jailed for a major crime just after learning that his wife is pregnant. released after twenty five years behind bars, rankin is anxious to make contact with his daughter sandra (jean arthur), who knew nothing of his existence, since rankin convinced the warden of the prison to send his wife a letter telling her that he was killed trying to escape.[1]
corpus document816
the witching hour
while jack brookfield (john halliday) runs a gambling gathering at nighttime in his kentucky house, his daughter nancy (judith allen) is frequently visited by and becomes engaged to young northern architect clay thorne (tom brown). his mother (olive tell), an old friend of brookfield's, arrives from baltimore to save her son from the vice of gambling, but when brookfield shows her her son and his daughter in the garden, she is delighted. brookfield announces to the gentlemen that for that evening the gambling is over early, due to a feeling he has. after everybody has left, brookfield's old friend (and customer) lew ellinger (richard carle) proposes to play poker. but brookfield answers he is not a gambler. ellinger deals the cards anyway. to his astonishment, brookfield tells him exactly what he has in his hands. when it is repeated a second time, brookfield tells him that he cannot tell what cards he has if ellinger doesn't look at them. when this second time he tells again the card ellinger has, ellinger asks brookfield how he does it. brookfield does not know how he does it, but he does not gamble because of this gift, which saddens ellinger. meantime, the police chief (frank sheridan) gathers his men to raid brookfield's house. when they arrive, however, they can find no trace of gambling activity. after nancy turns in for the night, clay becomes terrified when he sees a cats-eye ring (collateral put up by lew) on brookfield's finger. this causes brookfield to question clay's manhood. afterward, brookfield receives a visit from frank hardmuth (ralf harolde). hardmuth has a grudge against him and is determined to show that he is the boss of the town. when hardmuth states he is good enough for nancy, brookfield punches him and tells him that one day a man will come in his office and shoot him. clay overhears him. brookfield tells him, after hardmuth leaves, that his fear is absurd. he hypnotizes the young man without realizing it. judge martin prentice (guy standing) is brookfield's last visitor that night. brookfield finds in him an understanding person concerning his gift. prentice warns him to be more careful about hypnotizing people. clay goes to hardmuth's office and shoots him dead, without knowing what he is doing. his loved ones search for a defense attorney, but nobody takes hypnotism seriously or believes it is grounds for a defense. finally, they think of judge prentice, who is retired, but would certainly understand how to manage the case. prentice does not want to take the case, but the ghost of margaret price (gertrude michael), mrs. thorne's mother and prentice's love, persuades him to change his mind. the trial goes badly for the defense; even the testimony of dr. von strohn (ferdinand gottschalk), an eminent expert in hypnosis, cannot turn the tide. finally, in desperation, prentice has brookfield hypnotize the openly skeptical jury foreman (william frawley) into shooting the district attorney (the gun has blanks). the jury reaches the verdict "not guilty", and clay is a free man.
corpus document817
the woman condemned
a radio star takes a vacation and is later found murdered. barbara (dell) is accused of murder, while jerry (hemingway) tries to prove her innocent.
corpus document818
woman in the dark
released from prison on parole, john bradley plans to live alone quietly in a cabin in the country. he is visited there by the sheriff's daughter, helen grant, on whose account he had got into a fight and killed a man in the past. while he is trying to persuade her to leave, a beautiful disheveled woman in evening dress bursts in. this is louise loring, who has run away on foot from her rich protector, tony robson. with a sidekick, robson pursues her and the sidekick shoots bradley’s dog. bradley knocks out the sidekick and robson reports this to the local sheriff, who wants bradley back in jail. tipped off by helen, bradley and louise flee to the new york flat of an old cellmate, tommy logan, and there fall in love. traced by the police, bradley escapes with a bullet in his shoulder. meanwhile robson has charged louise with theft in order to trace her and then tries to persuade her to go back to him. since he is of a vindictive nature and she suspects him of trying to harm bradley further, she agrees. bradley arrives with tommy logan for a showdown just as robson decides to murder his sidekick so as to worsen the case against bradley. the two burst in and expose his plot at the last moment.
corpus document819
wonder bar
wonder bar is set in a parisian nightclub, with the stars playing the ‘regulars’ at the club. the movie revolves around two main story points, a romance and a more serious conflict with death, and several minor plots. all of the stories are enlivened from time to time by extravagant musical numbers. the more serious story revolves around captain von ferring (robert barrat), a german military officer. ferring has gambled on the stock market and lost, now broke after dozens of failed investments, he is at the wonder bar to try and pull a one-night stand before killing himself the following day. al wonder (al jolson) knows about ferring's plan. meanwhile, an elaborate romance is unfolding. the bar's central attraction is the latin lounge dancing group led by inez (dolores del río). al wonder has a secret attraction to inez, who has a burning passion for harry (ricardo cortez). however, harry is two-timing her with liane (kay francis), who is married to the famous french banker renaud (henry kolker). the story comes to a climax when inez finds out that harry and liane plan to run away together and head to the united states. inez, in a haze of jealousy, kills harry. subplots are much lighter in nature. they involve several drunken routines by two businessmen (hugh herbert and an uncredited hobart cavanaugh) and al wonder's various narrations as emcee of the floor show and manager of the club.
corpus document820
the world moves on
the story opens 185 years ago when two families, cotton merchants in england and america, with branches in france and prussia swear to stand by each other in a belief that a great business firmly established in four countries will be able to withstand even such another calamity as the napoleonic wars from which europe is slowly recovering. then many years later, along comes world war i and the years that follow, to test the businesses.
corpus document821
you can't buy everything
in 1893 new york, mrs. hannah bell (may robson) takes her son donny to a charitable medical clinic, where she gives a false name and information in order to avoid paying (hetty green notoriously tried to do the same thing for her son edward). however, her friend kate farley (mary forbes) visits the clinic (which she generously supports) and recognizes donny. she makes hannah pay for the boy's treatment. later, hannah reads in the newspaper that john burton (lewis stone) has been named vice president of the knickerbocker bank. furious, she goes to see her longtime friend and banker asa cabot to withdraw all of her money immediately. he is unable to find out why she hates burton, but refuses to accept his offered resignation. it is later revealed that burton abandoned hannah without explanation just before their wedding. she later married a man she did not love who she knew was only after her wealth, just to salvage her pride. her husband squandered her money, leaving her in desperate financial straits. she painstakingly made herself rich, all for her son's sake, and became a miser just like her father. in 1904, donny is the valedictorian of his graduating class at princeton university. he wants to become a writer, but hannah insists he work at the bank where she has entrusted her now immense wealth. in 1907, kate learns something about hannah's relationship to john burton, and tries to secretly arrange a meeting between them. it does not work, but does unintentionally bring together donny (played by william bakewell as a man) and burton's daughter elizabeth (jean parker). they fall in love. however, elizabeth at first refuses to marry donny because she feels that he cannot stand up to his domineering mother. when hannah finds out about the relationship, she storms into burton's office and accuses him of trying to get her money through his daughter. he denies plotting against her, but refuses to interfere with the couple. donny and elizabeth get married without her approval. she does not even attend the wedding (though she watches from in hiding as the happy newlyweds leave the church). when the panic of 1907 threatens the banking system of the united states, a committee appeals to hannah for a desperately needed loan. she is uninterested, until they show her a list of gilt-edged stocks they are offering as security; she spots burton's own railroad shares and provides the money as a demand loan (on which she can demand repayment at any time). just after burton receives his share of the loan to satisfy his bank clients, hannah notifies him that she wants the loan paid back. instead of returning the money, he decides to forfeit his stock rather than abandon his depositors. hannah is delighted to finally avenge herself on her former fiance, having wrested control of the railroad away from him. donny, just returned from his honeymoon in europe, gets burton's side of the story. then he denounces his mother, accusing her of never loving him, but rather treating him as just another of her possessions. he informs her that burton left her at the altar because her father tried to get him to sign an agreement never to touch her money. burton assumed she knew and approved of the stipulation, whereas she never did until now. stunned by the revelation, she goes outside to the park to think. she catches pneumonia, but recovers. donny comes to see her, and they are reconciled. she also embraces her daughter-in-law. when burton shows up (having received the railroad stocks back), that vendetta is also ended.
corpus document822
young and beautiful
in hollywood, press agent robert preston gets into trouble with his boss, herman cline, head of superba pictures, for neglecting his duties in order to publicize the 13 wampus baby stars, june dale in particular, at a banquet in their honor. however, he sweet talks mrs. cline and keeps his job. june shows up and faints, shaken by a failed abduction attempt. it turns out to be a publicity stunt concocted by preston for his fiancée.
corpus document823
1,000 dollars a minute
a broken and pennyless newspaperman takes part in an experiment where two crazy millionaires are offering a prize of $10,000 to anyone that can spend $1,000 a minute, every minute, for 12 hours straight.
corpus document824
air hawks
pilot barry eldon (ralph bellamy) is the owner of independent transcontinental lines whose airline is in direct competition with martin drewen (robert middlemass), owner of consolidated airlines. with renee dupont (tala birell), a singer at a nightclub owned by victor arnold (douglas dumbrille), he believes that his airline's air mail routes will ensure success against his rival. arnold decides to ally himself with drewen who has hired german inventor shulter (edward van sloan), the inventor of a death ray projector. with this device, they bring down three of eldon's aircraft. determined to set a new transcontinental record with wiley post flying the racer, eldon has the help of his girlfriend to eventually expose his rivals and destroy their secret headquarters. a new contract in washington awaits.[3]
corpus document825
alibi ike
frank x. farrell (joe e. brown) is an ace baseball player whose insistence upon making up excuses earns him the nickname "alibi ike." in the course of his first season with the chicago cubs, farrell also falls in love with dolly stevens (olivia de havilland), sister-in-law of the team's manager. farrell's "alibi" habit prompts dolly to walk out on him, whereupon he goes into a slump—which coincides with attempts by gamblers to get farrell to throw the world series.[3]
corpus document826
alice adams
alice adams (katharine hepburn]) is the youngest daughter of the adams family. her father (fred stone) is an invalid employed as a clerk in a factory owned by mr. lamb (charles grapewin), who has kept adams on salary for years despite his lengthy illness. her mother (ann shoemaker) is embittered by her husband's lack of ambition and upset by the snubs her daughter endures because of their poverty. alice's older brother, walter (frank albertson), is a gambler who cannot hold a job and who associates with african americans (which, given the time period in which the film is set, is considered a major social embarrassment). as the film begins, alice attends a dance given by the wealthy mildred palmer (evelyn venable). she has no date, and is escorted to the occasion by walter. alice is a social climber like her mother, and engages in socially inappropriate behavior and conversation in an attempt to impress others. at the dance, alice meets wealthy arthur russell (fred macmurray), who is charmed by her despite her poverty. alice's mother nags her husband into quitting his job and pouring his life savings into a glue factory. mr. lamb ostracizes mr. adams from society, believing that adams stole the glue formula from him. alice is the subject of cruel town gossip, which russell ignores. alice invites russell to the adams home for a fancy meal. she and her mother put on airs, the entire family dresses inappropriately in formal wear despite the hot summer night, and the adamses pretend that they eat caviar and fancy, rich-tasting food all the time. the dinner is ruined by the slovenly behavior and poor cooking skills of the maid the adamses have hired for the occasion, malena (hattie mcdaniel). mr. adams unwittingly embarrasses alice by exposing the many lies she has told russell. when walter shows up with bad financial news, alice gently expels russell from the house now that everything is "ruined." walter reveals that "a friend" has gambling debts, and that he stole $150 from mr. lamb to cover them. mr. adams decides to take out a loan against his new factory to save walter from jail. just then, mr. lamb appears at the adams house. he accuses adams of stealing the glue formula from him, and declares his intention to ruin adams by building a glue factory directly across the street from the adams plant. the men argue violently, but their friendship is saved when alice confesses that her parents took the glue formula only so she could have a better life and some social status. lamb and adams reconcile, and lamb indicates he will not prosecute walter. alice wanders out onto the porch, where russell has been waiting for her. he confesses his love for her, despite her poverty and family problems.
corpus document827
anna karenina
anna karenina (greta garbo) is the wife of czarist official karenin (basil rathbone). while she tries to persuade her brother stiva (reginald owen) from a life of debauchery, she becomes infatuated with dashing military officer count vronsky (fredric march). this indiscreet liaison ruins her marriage and position in 19th century russian society; she is even prohibited from seeing her own son sergei (freddie bartholomew), with eventual dire results.[2]
corpus document828
annie oakley
in late 1800s ohio, a young woman from the backwoods, annie oakley, delivers six dozen quail she has shot to the owner of the general store. he sends them to the macivor hotel in cincinnati, where the mayor is holding a large banquet in honor of toby walker, the "greatest shot in the whole world". toby is particular about what he eats and the hotel owner, james macivor, bought annie's quail because she shoots the quail cleanly through the head, leaving no buckshot elsewhere. at the banquet, jeff hogarth signs toby to a contract making him part of buffalo bill's wild west show. james challenges toby to a shooting contest to take place the next morning. james arranges for "andy" oakley to compete against walker, only to be shocked when she shows up. he tries unsuccessfully to call the whole thing off. the scheduled match ends in a tie, so they proceed to sudden death. the two sharpshooters continue hitting their targets. following a comment from her mother, annie deliberately misses her next shot. walker is a gracious, though unsuspecting winner; hogarth knows exactly what happened. when the oakley's return home, annie promises to pay back all those who bet on her. jeff follows and tells annie that he never bet the money she gave to him. he also invites her to join the wild west show. annie, having developed a crush on toby, accepts. jeff introduces her to buffalo bill and the other members of the show. when toby overhears buffalo bill telling jeff that he might have to fire annie because she lacks showmanship, he teaches her some 'fancy shootin' and tricks. at the first show, chief sitting bull is in the audience with iron eyes cody as his translator. ned buntline. buffalo bill's publicist tries to sign him up for the show, but the chief is bored with the acts until he sees annie shoot five targets thrown in the air. he is so impressed, he changes his mind and joins the show. a romance blossoms between annie and toby, despite jeff's attempts to win her affections for himself. they also become good friends with sitting bull. one day, a man with a grudge tries to shoot sitting bull. toby grabs the man's gun just as it goes off, saving his friend's life. however, his eyes are affected by the closeness of the shot. while annie's fortunes rise, toby's decline. he hides his injury, but ends up shooting annie in the hand and is dismissed from the show. much to annie's heartbreak, jeff and wild bill keep toby away from her. however, during a chance meeting, a woman accompanying toby tells annie that she's been nothing but bad luck to him. although toby tries to stop the woman, annie feels what she says is true and unhappily retreats. after a triumphant tour of europe, the show next plays in new york city, toby's home town. when he attends the show, sitting bull spots him and reunites the loving couple.
corpus document829
another face
wanted by the police, murderer and gang leader broken nose dawson (brian donlevy) goes to unscrupulous dr. h. l. buler (an uncredited oscar apfel) to have his appearance changed. buler is assisted by nurse mary mccall (molly lamont), who is aghast when she recognizes the patient. when dawson heals, he is amazed by his new face; his underling, muggsie brown (frank mills, uncredited), remarks that he is now as handsome as a movie star. dawson sends muggsie to eliminate buler and mccall, then phones in an anonymous tip about his henchman to get rid of everyone who knows about his new appearance. muggsie kills buler and a nurse (only it is not mccall) and is in turn gunned down by the police. frightened when she reads about the murders in the newspaper, mccall flees across the country. remembering muggsie's comment, dawson decides to become a movie star and moves to hollywood, where he takes elocution lessons. under the alias "spencer dutro", he gets hired to portray a gangster opposite top actress sheila barry (phyllis brooks) by director bill branch. barry is unimpressed by dutro's acting ability and inflated ego. meanwhile, zenith studio press agent joe haynes (wallace ford) is warned about his publicity stunts by police captain spellman (an uncredited charles wilson). studio general manager charles l. kellar (alan hale) agrees that joe's zany antics have to stop. molly mccall calls on haynes, sent by her fiance, western star tex williams (addison randall), to get a job. she recognizes dutro from publicity photos on haynes' desk and tells haynes who he is. when dutro comes into the office, haynes locks mccall in a closet for her safety. after getting dutro to leave, however, haynes decides not to call the police right away. he wants to milk the gangster's capture for all the publicity he can; kellar reluctantly approves his plan. haynes arranges for everyone to work on the film that night, including an annoyed barry (they were to fly to yuma to get married). things do not go quite as planned: when the police arrive, dutro takes barry hostage and flees. in the search of the studio grounds, dutro also captures haynes. when dutro tries to leave a building and get to a car, haynes pushes barry outside and locks the door, with the two men inside. a chase ensues. in the end, haynes manages to knock dutro out, and is forgiven by barry for his latest caper.
corpus document830
the arizonian
clay tallant is on his way to silver city, arizona to meet up with his brother, orin. as he approaches the town, he stops a stagecoach robbery being attempted by frank mccloskey and his gang. in intervening, clay saves kitty rivers, a singer in the town's saloon, who is engaged to orin. in town, the marshal accuses mccloskey of the robbery, after which he is killed by mccloskey, who works for the sheriff, jake mannen. clay is offered the job of marshal by mayor ed comstoc, and accepts. as he attempts to clean up the town, he runs afoul of mannen. clay arrests "shot-gun" keeler and the rest of mccloskey's gang, but they are released by the judge, who is on mannen's payroll. mannen hires gunman tex randolph to come in and dispose of clay, but this backfires when randolph instead joins clay and orin. mannen sets up several ambushes in which to kill clay, but one of them leads to clay killing mccloskey. however, eventually mannen traps clay, orin, tex, and pompey (their servant) in a burning building. when pompey makes a break for it to get help, he is gunned down. the three lawmen escape the flames and shoot it out against mannen's henchmen. when the smoke clears (literally), nearly everyone including orin and tex lie dead, with clay the only one left standing. then mannen appears and is just about to shoot clay when sarah, kitty's servant and pompey's would-be love interest, shoots and kills mannen. having cleaned up the town, clay leaves silver city, taking kitty and sarah with him. kitty had changed her romantic interest from orin to his clay.
corpus document831
baby face harrington
millicent (una merkel) wants her husband willie (charles butterworth) to make a success of himself, the way her old beau ronald (harvey stephens) did. in the belief what she wants most is money, willie cashes in a life-insurance policy in exchange for $2,000 in cash, which he promptly loses. when he sees real-estate agent skinner (donald meek) with that much money, not long after having spoken with him, willie knows who's robbed him. meanwhile, a professional thief, rocky banister (nat pendleton), is terrifying everyone in town with his daring robberies, worrying millicent so much that she keeps a gun nearby. borrowing the gun, willie confronts skinner and takes the $2,000. when he returns home, willie discovers that his money has been in his wallet all along. before he can return it to skinner and apologize, rocky breaks in and steals all $4,000. willie is accused of being an accomplice of rocky's and sent to jail. during a breakout, willie manages to leave a note behind for the police, who catch up just in time to apprehend rocky and proclaim willie a hero.
corpus document832
bar 20 rides again
hoppy gets a letter from the father of johnny's girlfriend asking for help against rustlers. he also asks hoppy to bring red, but not johnny because margaret is now enamoured with an easterner. johnny doesn't believe it and, without hoppy's knowledge, he races off to marry margaret. hoppy and red follow 3 hours behind to help the rancher against the rustler known as "nevada".
corpus document833
barbary coast
on a foggy night in 1850, mary rutledge (miriam hopkins), accompanied by retired colonel marcus aurelius cobb (frank craven), arrives in san francisco bay aboard the flying cloud. a gold digger, she has come to wed the wealthy owner of a gold mine who lost his mine when the roulette wheel landed on red 13 times at the bella donna . the men at the wharf reluctantly inform her that her fiancé is dead, murdered most likely by louis chamalis (edward g. robinson), the powerful owner of the bella donna restaurant and gambling house. mary is upset, but quickly pulls herself together and asks the way to the bella donna. mary meets chamalis and agrees to be his companion, not only for economic reasons (as an attraction, she helps draw in customers), but for personal pleasure as well. chamalis gives her the name 'swan' and she becomes his female escort. she accompanies him on promenades in town and he showers her with extravagant gifts. their relationship sours quickly, however, as swan is angered by chamalis's destructive power-mongering. she does not, however, mind running a crooked roulette wheel and cheating the miners out of their gold. colonel cobb purchases a printing press, with the intention of starting a respectable newspaper for the people of san francisco. his first issue includes an article criticizing an unpunished murder by chamalis and his entourage. when chamalis finds out, he threatens to destroy cobb's printing press and burn down the building, but is halted by swan. chamalis demands that cobb never print anything attacking him. the colonel unwillingly complies. swan becomes disillusioned with her life in san francisco. her distant behavior irks chamalis. one morning she sets out on horseback. when it begins to rain heavily, she seeks refuge in a seemingly abandoned cabin, where she meets poet and gold miner jim carmichael (mccrea). swan is taken with him, but lies about her current situation after hearing his criticisms of the city. he gives her his book of poems as a memento. carmichael decides to return to new york. because of fog the ship will not leave for a few days. he meets chamalis' helper, old atrocity (walter brennan), who, seeing his bags of gold is happy to show him to the bella donna. carmichael is surprised to find mary working there. he is served drugged liquor and plays roulette at her table. he loses his composure, insults 'swan' and eventually loses his money. carmichael wakes up the following morning in the bella donna's kitchen. his eloquent speech impresses chamalis, who hires him on the spot as a waiter. carmichael's presence perturbs mary, who offers him money to depart. carmichael refuses, wishing to earn the fare on his own. cobb puts up a poster telling about a murder chamalis' ordered and how the bella donna cheats customers. seeing it, chamlis' henchman "knuckles" jacoby (brian donlevy) shoots both the man who put it up and the publisher when he tries to defend him. dying, cobb orders his assistant to print the truth. a vigilante group is formed and hangs knuckles. devastated by cobb's death, mary acknowledges her love for carmichael, and works the roulette table so that he wins back the gold he previously lost. chamalis finds out and sets out to kill carmichael, who has snuck into mary's bedroom. the lovers decide to leave together. they find a rowboat and attempt to board the ship in the harbor. they have trouble seeing in the fog, but can hear chamalis pursuing them. he shoots and injures carmichael, and corners them beneath a pier. mary begs him, as proof of his love for her, not to kill carmichael. chamalis agrees, but tells her he does not want her anymore. the sheriff arrives with a mob, and chamalis allows himself to be taken away. mary returns to carmichael's side aboard the ship as it prepares to set sail.
corpus document834
becky sharp
becky sharp (miriam hopkins), a socially ambitious english young lady, manages to survive during the years following napoleon's defeat at waterloo. in her efforts to advance herself, she manages to link up with a number of gentlemen: the marquis of steyne (cedric hardwicke), joseph sedley (nigel bruce), rawdon crawley (alan mowbray), and george osborne (g. p. huntley jr). she rises to the top of british society and becomes the scourge of the social circle, offending the other ladies such as lady bareacres (billie burke). sharp falls into the humiliation of singing for her meals in a beer hall. but she never stays down for long.
corpus document835
the big broadcast of 1936
radio station w.h.y. owner spud miller (jack oakie), also functions as the station's only announcer while his comic partner smiley goodwin (henry wadsworth) serves as the house singer, lochinvar, the great lover, "the idol of millions of women." both spud and smiley play the role of lochinvar. facing the prospect of bankruptcy, spud welcomes the suggestions of george burns and gracie allen, who attempt to sell an invention, the radio eye, invented by gracie allen's uncle, a television device which can pick up and transmit any signal, any time, anywhere. burns and allen ask miller for an advance of $5,000 for the invention. spud decides to enter an international broadcast competition with a prize of $250,000. ysobel listens to the lochinvar radio show and believes that he has sent her a letter. she finds out that he sends letters to listeners of the show. outraged, she goes to the radio station to shoot lochinvar. spud and smiley are able to win her over after her gun fails to shoot. they attempt to convince her to invest $5,000 in the radio eye invention which would allow them to win the competition. she takes spud and smiley to her caribbean island, clementi. she will decide to marry one of them before midnight. gordoni (c. henry gordon), however, plans to murder them. spud and smiley are able to notify george burns and gracie allen in new york and inform them that they are in grave danger. burns and allen then depart for the island on a boat. gracie sets a fire on the boat. a coast guard cutter takes them on board and heads for the island. gordoni has drowzo put in the drinks to put ysobel to sleep. spud and smiley turn on the radio eye to listen to the vienna boys choir and the ray noble orchestra from new york to distract gordoni and his men. spud and smiley are able to escape on coaches with teams of horses. after a chase, during which spud is separated from his horses in a bifurcation in the road, they reach the pier where the coast guard and burns and allen meet them. gordoni jumps into the sea. spud wins the international broadcast competition. spud tells ysobel that he may marry her after a period of observation. she tells him: "let this be the start of a beautiful friendship."
corpus document836
biography of a bachelor girl
cynical and hard-bitten publisher richard kurt (robert montgomery) persuades free-spirited, bohemian artist marion forsythe (ann harding) to write her memoirs, which he hopes will be salacious. her old (and nearly forgotten) flame leander nolan (edward everett horton)- she calls him 'bunny'- is now running for the senate and fears embarrassment and political ruin. spurred by his wealthy backer and prospective father-in-law, nolan tries to halt the book, clashing from the start with kurt. to get marion away from the distraction, kurt takes her to a secluded cabin in maine, where a mutual romance develops between the two, despite their great differences in temperament, tolerance, and ambition. the arrival of nolan, his fiancée (una merkel), and her father brings matters to a head.
corpus document837
black fury
set in pennsylvania coal country, the film tells the story of joe radek (paul muni), a miner of slavic background. upset after an argument with his girlfriend anna novak (karen morley), he drinks and attends a union meeting, where he acts as a catalyst to splitting the union members into radical and moderate factions; radically inclined miners decide to walk out and strike, the others led by radek's best friend mike shemanski (john qualen) stay at work. meanwhile, the company brings in a private police force cobbled out of thugs by a pinkerton-type detective agency. one night, when three drunk company cops are trying to violate shemanski's daughter, both friends reunite in defending her honor. during the fight, shemanski is killed by mcgee (barton maclane), and radek is injured and hospitalized. while he is recovering, the strike ends with no results and shemanski's murder stays unpunished. angry radek collects dynamite and provision and decides to start his own underground protest by hiding in the mine during the daytime and blowing up company property at night. his exploits draw the national attention after being reported by the media. corrupted company cops are trying to catch with radek in the mine; he fights back with dynamite sticks and accidentally seals himself and shemanski's murderer mcgee in a mine tunnel. after an epic fight radek emerges from the mine with subdued company policeman to deliver him to justice, and as a winner in the court of public opinion he is able to influence more favorable union contract for his mining buddies, making amends with his girlfriend as well.[1][3]
corpus document838
the black room
in a tyrolean castle in the late 18th century, twin sons, gregor and anton, are born to the de berghmann baronial family. the baron is concerned: an old prophecy in the family states that the younger brother shall kill the elder in the black room of the castle. some years later in 1834,[2] it is revealed that the baron gregor (boris karloff) has become a depraved ruler who murders the wives of local peasants. his brother, anton (also played by karloff), who cannot use his right arm and has spent much of his life traveling europe, returns to the castle for a visit, but refuses to believe the rumors he hears about gregor. the kindly anton becomes popular with the villagers and the castle staff, being the exact opposite of his brother. at the same time, gregor's attempts to woo thea (marian marsh), daughter of family advisor colonel hassell, fail noticeably before both her admiration for anton and her true love for young lieutenant albert lussan (robert allen). when the castle servant mashka (katherine demille) disappears after being seen with gregor, the locals form a mob and enter the castle, confronting the baron. gregor agrees to abdicate, and give power to his brother, who has become popular. after the papers are signed to relinquish his baronetcy to anton, he lures his unsuspecting brother to the black room, kills him, and throws him into the pit where the dead bodies of mashka and his other victims are kept. gregor now assumes anton's identity, and prepares to wed thea, whose father supports their union. lt. lussan angrily and threateningly objects to the colonel; gregor kills the colonel and easily frames the lieutenant, who is found guilty and sentenced to death. only anton's mastiff recognizes that the baron is not his master, and the dog pursues gregor when he travels to town for his wedding. meanwhile, lussan escapes his cell and meets secretly with thea, who urges him to flee. he refuses, however, and the wedding ceremony begins in the town cathedral. as the stately ceremony draws to a close, the priest asks for any who object to the union to "speak now or forever hold their peace", and the dog attacks "anton", who defends himself with his supposedly paralyzed right arm. standing thus revealed, gregor flees. the townspeople gathered for the wedding form a mob in a matter of seconds. the dog, followed by the mob, which includes lussan, pursues gregor to the castle, where he attempts to hide in the black room. the mob discovers where he is and begins to batter open the secret door. before they can gain passage, however, the dog squeezes through and throws himself on gregor, who falls backward into the pit and onto the knife still held in his murdered brother's crippled hand. thus, the prophecy is fulfilled.
corpus document839
black sheep
aboard a luxury liner, gambler john francis dugan makes the acquaintance of socialite jeanette foster, who has a reputation for using men to get her way. jeanette cajoles him into sneaking her into first class, where they see young fred curtis lose $12,000 at poker to a couple of oilmen, belcher and schmelling. fred's troubles grow worse when the haughty millicent bath has his markers and threatens to tell the police unless he helps her at customs, sneaking some valuable pearls into the country that she ha stolen. fred is so forlorn that he considers jumping overboard, until jeanette stops him. dugan decides to help. he wins back fred's debts at cards. when they return to fred's stateroom, dugan spots a photo of fred's deceased mother and is shocked to discover that she was his ex-wife. fred is his long-lost son. mrs. bath has hidden the pearls inside a cane's handle. dugan distracts her, replaces the pearls with pills, then hides the valuables inside the pocket of belcher, the oilman. they spill out at customs and are claimed by mrs. bath to belong to her, causing her to be taken away by the authorities. dugan has become fond of jeannette, who promises to change her old ways.
corpus document840
bonnie scotland
after escaping from jail where they had "one more week to serve," laurel and hardy travel to scotland as stowaways on a cattle boat, where laurel (as "stanley mclaurel") believes he is heir to his grandfather's fortune. as it turns out, laurel has only been bequeathed a set of bagpipes and a snuff container.use of the latter causes hardy, trying to demonstrate to laurel the proper way to use snuff, to fly off an old bridge. his clothes are soaked. in the boarding house, laurel swaps their overcoats for a large fish for dinner. in quick succession the fish "shrizzles" to about 1/10 its size, hardy's pants are burnt and ruined, and an attempt to hide the still-hot stove results in the landlady throwing the two out and confiscating their luggage for non-payment of rent. receiving an ad for a tailor's offer of a new suit, laurel and hardy accidentally go to the wrong floor and join a scottish regiment of the british army and travel to india, where they frequently run afoul of their sergeant major (jimmy finlayson), and help their friend alan (william janney) reunite with his love (and laurel's cousin) lorna mclaurel (june lang).
corpus document841
bordertown
after graduating from pacific night law school in los angeles, feisty and ambitious mexican american johnny ramirez loses his first court case because he is ill-prepared. his poor, hispanic client's truck was destroyed by careless debutante dale elwell. johnny is harassed by the opposing attorney, uppercrust brook manville, who is defending his lover, elwell. johnny reacts, losing his temper and the case. disbarred for his actions, he journeys to a small town south of the border and finds work as a bouncer, in a seedy casino owned by charlie roark. johnny helps transform the dive into a first-class nightclub called the silver slipper that attracts an upscale crowd, and charlie makes him a partner to reward him for his efforts. charlie's lonely, unhappily married wife marie makes a play for johnny, who resists her advances. certain johnny has shunned her simply because she is married, she locks her inebriated husband in the garage and leaves the car running, asphyxiating him. dale elwell and her society friends, including brook manville, visit the club and johnny becomes infatuated with her. a jealous marie accuses johnny of murdering charlie, but when called to testify at his trial, she collapses on the witness stand, having become insane. johnny returns to los angeles and proposes to dale, who contemptuously rejects him, citing the dramatic differences in their racial and economic backgrounds, then is hit and killed by a car trying to get away from him. johnny decides to sell the silver slipper, donate the proceeds to a law school, and settle in los angeles among his own people.
corpus document842
born to gamble
four brothers feel cursed by their family's gambling bug. all four try to overcome the addiction: only one, the youngest, is successful.
corpus document843
break of hearts
franz roberti (charles boyer) is a passionate and eminent musical conductor; constance dane (katharine hepburn) is an aspiring but unknown composer. she wants to see his concert, but it is all sold out. when she sneaks into his rehearsal he is smitten by her devotion and gets his orchestra to get it right as they play just for her. constance marries franz: he says she is "a most exciting creature" and she has been in love with him for a long time (i.e., "since late this afternoon"). not long after they get married constance finds franz having dinner with a female friend. so constance responds by going out with her own friend, johnny lawrence (john beal). johnny wants to marry constance, but she cannot forget her husband. franz has been hitting the bottle and pretty much throwing away his career, although exactly which of his many sins is driving him to drink is not really clear. fortunately, constance has been working on her concerto.
corpus document844
the bride comes home
after the bankruptcy of her father's business, the penniless socialite jeannette desmereau (colbert) works with magazine editor cyrus anderson (macmurray) and publisher jack bristow (young). they discuss love and wedding plans. however, when bristow would seem to marry her, anderson prepares a plan to take her back. this is a romantic comedy with money, bad tempers and love in the balance.
corpus document845
bride of frankenstein
on a stormy night, percy bysshe shelley (douglas walton) and lord byron (gavin gordon) praise mary shelley (elsa lanchester) for her story of frankenstein and his monster. reminding them that her intention was to impart a moral lesson, mary says she has more of the story to tell. the scene shifts to the end of the 1931 frankenstein. villagers gathered around the burning windmill cheer the apparent death of the monster (boris karloff). their joy is tempered by the realization that henry frankenstein (colin clive) is also apparently dead. hans (reginald barlow), father of the girl the creature drowned in the previous film, wants to see the monster's bones. he falls into a flooded pit underneath the mill, where the monster – having survived the fire – strangles him. hauling himself from the pit, the monster casts hans' wife (mary gordon) to her death. he next encounters minnie (una o'connor), who flees in terror. henry's body is returned to his fiancée elizabeth (valerie hobson) at his ancestral castle home. minnie arrives to sound the alarm about the monster, but her warning goes unheeded. elizabeth, seeing henry move, realizes he is still alive. nursed back to health by elizabeth, henry has renounced his creation, but still believes he may be destined to unlock the secret of life and immortality. a hysterical elizabeth cries that she sees death coming, foreshadowing the arrival of henry's former mentor, doctor septimus pretorius (ernest thesiger). in his rooms, pretorius shows henry several homunculi he has created, including a miniature queen, king, archbishop, devil, ballerina, and mermaid. pretorius wishes to work with henry to create a mate for the monster and offers a toast to their venture: "to a new world of gods and monsters!" upon forcing henry to help him, pretorius will grow an artificial brain while henry gathers the parts for the mate. the monster saves a young shepherdess (anne darling) from drowning. her screams upon seeing him alert two hunters, who shoot and injure the creature. the hunters raise a mob that sets out in pursuit. captured and trussed to a pole, the monster is hauled to a dungeon and chained. left alone, he breaks his chains, kills the guards and escapes into the woods. that night, the monster encounters a gypsy family and burns his hand in their campfire. following the sound of a violin playing "ave maria", the monster encounters an old blind hermit (o. p. heggie) who thanks god for sending him a friend. he teaches the monster words like "friend" and "good" and shares a meal with him. two lost hunters stumble upon the cottage and recognize the monster. he attacks them and accidentally burns down the cottage as the hunters lead the hermit away. taking refuge from another angry mob in a crypt, the monster spies pretorius and his cronies karl (dwight frye) and ludwig (ted billings) breaking open a grave. the henchmen depart as pretorius stays to enjoy a light supper. the monster approaches pretorius, and learns that pretorius plans to create a mate for him. henry and elizabeth, now married, are visited by pretorius. he is ready for henry to do his part in their "supreme collaboration". henry refuses and pretorius calls in the monster who demands henry's help. henry again refuses and pretorius orders the monster out, secretly signaling him to kidnap elizabeth. pretorius guarantees her safe return upon henry's participation. henry returns to his tower laboratory where in spite of himself he grows excited over his work. after being assured of elizabeth's safety, henry completes the bride's body. a storm rages as final preparations are made to bring the bride to life. her bandage-wrapped body is raised through the roof. lightning strikes a kite, sending electricity through the bride. henry and pretorius lower her and realize their success. "she's alive! alive!" henry cries. they remove her bandages and help her to stand. "the bride of frankenstein!" doctor pretorius declares. the monster comes down the steps after killing karl on the rooftop and sees his mate (elsa lanchester). the excited monster reaches out to her, asking, "friend?" the bride, screaming, rejects him. "she hate me! like others" the monster dejectedly says. as elizabeth races to henry's side, the monster rampages through the laboratory. the monster tells henry and elizabeth "yes! go! you live!" to pretorius and the bride, he says "you stay. we belong dead." while henry and elizabeth flee, the monster sheds a tear and pulls a lever to trigger the destruction of the laboratory and tower.
corpus document846
bright lights
joe's (joe e. brown) happy marriage is threatened when an heiress falls in love with him.
corpus document847
broadway gondolier
a taxi driver (dick powell) secretly works to achieve his dream of becoming a radio singer. one day he gives a radio station secretary a lift. she prattles on about a sponsor's new contest. the sponsor, a prominent cheese company, is looking for a singing gondolier to participate in their newest campaign.[1]
corpus document848
broadway hostess
it is about a small town girl on her rise to stardom. but it is having problems with love. tommy falls in love with winnie, but he feels she is in love with her manager lucky. lucky claims he does not want to get married, but is in fact in love with the rich socialite iris. while iris's brother loses money with his gambling problem.[5]
corpus document849
broadway melody of 1936
irene foster (eleanor powell) tries to convince her high school sweetheart, broadway producer robert gordon (robert taylor), to give her a chance to star in his new musical, but he is too busy with the rich widow (june knight) backing his show. irene tries to show gordon that she has the talent to succeed, but he will not hire her. things become complicated when she begins impersonating a french dancer, who was actually the invention of a gossip columnist (jack benny).
corpus document850
the call of the wild
a prospector heading for the alaska gold fields loses most of his money gambling. his luck changes when he pays $250 for a sled dog to keep him from being shot by an arrogant englishman, who is also headed for the yukon. the prospector and his friend head off for the yukon with a map showing the location of a major gold mine. along the way, they rescue a woman whose missing husband owned the original map. after the dog wins them a thousand dollars used to purchase supplies, the three continue north in search of the gold mine.
corpus document851
captain blood
in 17th-century england, irish doctor peter blood (errol flynn) is summoned to aid lord gildoy, a wounded patron who participated in the monmouth rebellion. arrested while performing his duties as a physician, he is convicted of treason against king james ii and sentenced to death by the infamous judge jeffreys. by the whim of the king, who sees an opportunity for profit, blood and the surviving rebels are transported to the west indies to be sold into slavery. in port royal, blood is purchased by arabella bishop (olivia de havilland), the beautiful niece of local military commander colonel bishop (lionel atwill). attracted by blood's rebellious nature, arabella does her best to improve his situation by recommending him as the personal physician of the colony's governor, who suffers from painful gout. outwardly resentful towards arabella, yet silently appreciative for her efforts on his behalf, blood develops an escape plan for himself and his fellow slaves. the plan is almost uncovered by the suspicious colonel bishop, who has one of blood's men flogged and interrogated. blood is spared a similar fate when a spanish man-o-war attacks port royal. during the raid, blood and his fellow slaves seize the spanish ship from its drunken night watch, and sail away to begin lives of piracy. blood and his men quickly achieve great fame among the brotherhood of buccaneers. when the old governor is unable to contain the pirate menace, colonel bishop is appointed governor. he sends arabella to england on an extended holiday, but three years later she returns to the caribbean. her ship, also carrying royal emissary lord willoughby (henry stephenson), is captured by blood's treacherous partner, the french buccaneer captain levasseur (basil rathbone), who plans to hold them for ransom, but blood forces levasseur to sell them to him, relishing the opportunity to turn the tables on arabella. when levasseur vehemently objects, blood is forced to kill him in a duel. blood offers arabella valuable jewelry from his conquests as a sign of his love for her. ungrateful for her "rescue", arabella is indignant at having been purchased by blood, and calls him thief and pirate. although angered by her rejection, he orders his men to set sail for port royal where he will deliver arabella and lord willoughby, despite the danger to himself and his crew. as they approach port royal, they sight two french warships attacking the city; bishop has left it undefended in his single-minded pursuit of blood. with england now at war with france, lord willoughby pleads with blood to save the colony, but the captain and his crew refuse to fight for the corrupt king. willoughby reveals that james ii has been deposed in the glorious revolution; england's new king, william iii, has sent willoughby to offer blood and his men full pardons and commissions in the royal navy. this startling news quickly changes the pirates' minds, and they prepare for battle with the french. after ferrying arabella ashore, blood and his men approach port royal flying french colors, but soon that ensign is replaced with the british union jack. a pitched ship-to-ship battle ensues, leading to frenzied hand-to-hand deck combat. blood and his men defeat the french frigates, saving the colony, but not before losing their ship in the battle. as a reward, blood is appointed the new governor of port royal by lord willoughby and has the pleasure of dealing with his hostile predecessor, now returned from his pirate hunt and under arrest for dereliction of duty in a time of war. as arabella playfully pleads with the new governor to spare her uncle's life, peter blood reveals his face to the astonished colonel. with a sly smile of triumph, he greets bishop with, "good morning, uncle", having won the hand and heart of arabella.
corpus document852
the case of the curious bride
rhoda montaine learns that her first husband, gregory moxley, is still alive, which makes things awkward for her, since she has remarried carl, the son of wealthy c. phillip montaine. she turns to perry mason for help, but when he goes to see moxley, he finds only his corpse. rhoda is arrested for murder.
corpus document853
the case of the lucky legs
margie clune wins the "lucky legs" beauty contest concocted by frank patton, but has trouble collecting her $1,000 prize when the promoter skips town. it turns out it is all a scam he has pulled before. when he later turns up stabbed to death, she is a strong suspect.
corpus document854
the casino murder case
gentleman detective philo vance (paul lukas) begins an investigation when he receives an anonymous letter stating that society man lynn llewellyn (donald cook) will be in danger when he appears at the casino owned by his uncle, kinkaid (arthur byron). vance visits the llewellyn estate, which is run by mrs. priscilla kinkaid-llewellyn (alison skipworth), the matriarch of the household, and stumbles into one of the family's many quarrels. at the end of the bitter quarrel, which involves mrs. llewellyn's son lynn and his wife virginia (louise henry), virginia announces that she has decided to leave the house and go to chicago. during the tiff, vance and doris (rosalind russell), mrs. llewellyn's secretary, are introduced to each other and doris immediately takes a liking to vance. vance takes doris to his home, where he and district attorney markham (purnell pratt) show her the mysterious letter. doris immediately recognizes the return address as being that of the llewellyn's townhouse in closter and notices that the letter was typed on her typewriter. vance assigns sergeant heath (ted healy) to help stake out the casino that night, but their presence does not prevent lynn from suddenly collapsing at the card table. at the same time, doris informs vance that virginia has died at the llewellyn house. markham begins his investigation of the murder by questioning mrs. llewellyn, who recalls having quarrelled with virginia before she was poisoned, and amelia (isabel jewell), mrs. llewellyn's daughter, who admits that she too had a spat with virginia. meanwhile, doris finds mrs. llewellyn's recently altered will, in which she disinherited kinkaid, making it apparent that lynn and amelia would be the only ones who would benefit from mrs. llewellyn's death. other clues begin to surface, including kinkaid's unusual collection of books on chemistry and poisons, and a loaded gun found in virginia's bedroom. soon after lynn's recovery, mrs. llewellyn is found dead of an apparent suicide with a note, bearing her signature, in which she confesses to virginia's murder. not convinced that the mystery has been solved, vance pursues his theory that mrs. llewellyn may have been poisoned by heavy water, which leads him to kinkaid's secret laboratory, where he and doris are captured and held at gunpoint by kinkaid. vance and doris escape, but vance does not believe that kinkaid is the murderer, thinking instead that he is merely one of many decoys set up by the real killer to lead the investigation astray. the real killer turns out to be lynn, who has lured vance and doris to the closter townhouse to kill them. but before lynn completes his "perfect crime," vance reads from a letter he wrote earlier in which he detailed his theory about the killings. in it, vance names lynn as the murderer, calling him a rich, ego-maniacal weakling, who, being tired of his wife, poisoned her and threw the blame on his uncle, whom he despised. after hearing vance's summary of the murder plot, lynn tells his captors that he has arranged to pin vance and doris' forthcoming murder on kinkaid. however, when lynn shoots vance, heath and others emerge from behind a door where they have been recording lynn's confession and arrest him. after thanking becky, mrs. llewellyn's maid (louise fazenda), for loading lynn's gun with blanks, vance resumes his romance with doris.
corpus document855
charlie chan in egypt
charlie chan is brought in when an archaeologist disappears while excavating ancient art treasures in egypt. charlie must sort out the stories of the archaeological team, deal with the crazed son of the missing scientist, learn why priceless treasures are falling into the hands of private collectors, and battle many seemingly supernatural events.
corpus document856
charlie chan in paris
chan is on his way back from completing the london case—they always mentioned the previous case—to go on "vacation" to paris, but this is just a way to make people think that he is innocently there. he is on a case for some london bankers and customers who say that some bonds from the lamartine bank in paris are forged, so they hired chan to solve the case. the suspects chan meets include; max corday, a local artist who wants to reap the financial rewards of fame; albert dufresne, the assistant to the bank president who is living beyond his means; henri latouche, a bank officer who has access to financial bank records; yvette lamartine, the daughter of the bank president who is determined to recover old love letters from the bank vault; and marcel xavier, a crippled and blind beggar and "crazed world war i veteran who thinks that the bank is cheating on him and wants his money. after various murder attempts on chan and other killings, including that of his assistant, nardi, and the ex-boyfriend of yvette. chan realizes that the murders were staged by xavier. but it turns out not to be the case. the murderer was xavier, but he is actually not real; he has alternately been played by both corday and latouche; with latouche appearing as xavier when corday was with charlie, and corday appearing as xavier when charlie meets latouche at the bank. chan takes young victor descartes with him to find xavier, and while they search corday's and latouche's lair where they have been printing the counterfeit bonds, latouche (as xavier) arrives. chan and descartes kill the lights, and latouche shoots at chan's flashlight, apparently hitting him. but chan has mounted it on a broomstick to decoy latouche, and descartes is able to capture xavier/latouche. then the police arrive (summoned by chan's son lee), giving chan a chance to explain how corday and latouche created alibis for each other by alternately playing xavier.
corpus document857
charlie chan in shanghai
charlie chan arrives in shanghai at the behest of the u.s. government to help stop an opium smuggling ring. he receives a warning aboard ship not to stop in shanghai. he is met by his number one son, lee chan, as well as philip nash and his fianceé, diana woodland. charlie is the guest of honor at a banquet held that evening, hosted by sir stanley woodland (david torrence in an uncredited role). when sir stanley opens a box to give a handwritten scroll to charlie, he is shot and killed by a gun inside the booby-trapped box. charlie meets with colonel watkins, the commissioner of police, and agrees to investigate the crime. the next day, american fbi man james andrews arrives in shanghai, accompanied by his valet, forrest (gladden james in an uncredited role). that night, an assassin shoots what seems to be a sleeping charlie chan in bed. but charlie, suspecting another attempt on his life, rigged a dummy and escaped death. watkins, nash, and woodland try to meet with andrews. nash sneaks off and goes through andrews' briefcase, suitcase, and other papers. charlie arrives, and while he is speaking with andrews is nearly shot. charlie and andrews managed to retrieve the gun, but the assassin escaped. a fingerprint on the gun reveals that nash is the likely suspect, and he is arrested. a letter nash had stolen from andrews' things seem innocuous, but charlie takes it as evidence. charlie returns to his hotel and meets with lee. they receive a note from col. watkins asking them to come to an office downtown. they check with police headquarters, which assures them the note is genuine. charlie goes, but lee realizes the note is fake when col. watkins calls soon thereafter. charlie is kidnapped and taken into a room to meet with a mysterious russian (ivan marloff). lee tries to save his father, but is caught. the two bluff their way out of danger, and after a brief fight manage to escape. that evening, charlie and andrews meet with col. watkins. diana woodland arrives and asks to see nash; her request is granted. but diana sneaks nash a pistol, and the two escape. later that day, andrews and charlie return to the house where charlie was held. the gang has left, but charlie finds an ink pad in the fireplace and takes it as evidence. lee shows up dressed as a beggar, and charlie sends him home. oddly, charlie arrives at the hotel first. lee shows up later, and reveals that he saw their kidnapper in a taxi on the street and followed him to the cafe versailles. moments later, andrews calls and summons charlie to his apartment. before he leaves, charlie sends lee off on a secret mission. charlie arrives at andrews' apartment, where the fbi agent has caught a gangster involved with the marloff gang. after a punch to the jaw, the gangster reveals that the cafe versailles is where the opium gang is hiding out. andrews calls the police, and asks them to meet them at the club. charlie and andrews leave for cafe versailles. after charlie and andrews depart, andrews' valet, forrest, frees the gangster and the two leave. at the club, nash (disguised as an able seaman) sees some of the marloff gang heading toward the basement and follows, but is captured. charlie and andrews arrive moments later, and follow a gang member into the basement as well. the basement is where opium is being shipped out via riverboat, reached by a trap door. andrews urges charlie to go first, but charlie hesitates when his flashlight mysteriously refuses to work. the police arrive by boat, and after a brief shootout capture the gang. charlie surprises everyone by arresting james andrews. lee chan reveals that his father sent him off to cable america, and he has just received a reply which indicates that the real agent andrews was murdered in san francisco three weeks earlier. the false "james andrews" is really the leader of the marloff gang, and intended to have the gang murder charlie in a shoot-out when they descended through the trap door. charlie knew andrews did not really call the police, and had lee summon them instead. nash's escape from police custody was planned by charlie. charlie reveals that forrest used the ink pad to put nash's thumbprint on the revolver to frame him. nash is declared innocent, and andrews and forrest go to jail.
corpus document858
chasing yesterday
sylvestre bonnard is an aging book collector. while going through his mementos one afternoon he comes across a brief note written by a former lover. studying it, he realizes that it is written on a page torn from a rare book that he has been seeking for decades. excited, he decides to return to his home town, where he and the lover had their romance, to search for the book. when bonnard arrives, he meets an attorney, mouche, through which he discovers that his old flame had a daughter, who now lives in a girl's boarding school. mouche is the girl's guardian. failing to find the book in his search, bonnard travels to the school to speak with the daughter, jeanne. on his arrival, he is dismayed to find that both mouche and the school's headmistress, mlle. prefere, treat the young 15-year old cruelly. he is also entranced by the young lady, so much so that the focus of his trip now turns from a search for the book to an attempt to rescue the girl. sensing a way to escape the confines of the school, and unbeknownst to bonnard, jeanne convinces mlle. prefere that he is romantically interested in her. when bonnard returns to his home in paris, jeanne tells prefere that bonnard would be thrilled if they paid him a visit there. when they arrive, bonnard is thrilled, which prefere misinterprets as a show of romantic interest. as time goes on and they remain in paris, prefere becomes more and more convinced that bonnard is indeed in love with her. when she broaches the subject of marriage to the aging bibliophile he is aghast at the suggestion. in the ensuing confusion, jeanne confesses her subterfuge, which causes prefere to understandably react angrily. embarrassed, prefere ushers jeanne back to the school, barring bonnard from attempting to visit the young girl, to whom he becomes strongly attached. without permission, bonnard travels to the school and, with jeanne's wholehearted cooperation, whisks her away, with the intent of adopting her. upon discovery of the girl's disappearance, mouche realizes where she must have gone and goes to paris to confront bonnard. when he does, he offers to sell jeanne's adoption to bonnard, and for not pressing kidnapping charges, for a large sum of money. wishing to get the girl out of her unfortunate circumstances, bonnard agrees to the sale, but the only way he can raise the money is by selling his book collection. distraught at the prospect of giving up his beloved books, but seeing no other way, sets up a time to complete the sale. however, coccoz, a traveling bookseller with whom bonnard is acquainted, shows up at the last minute and it is discovered that mouche had stolen the rare book which had begun bonnard's search in the first place. not only has he stolen the book, but it is also found out that he had forged the original papers giving him custody of jeanne. with the tables turned, mouche agrees to bonnard's adoption of jeanne, and forgoes any payment.
corpus document859
china seas
alan gaskell (clark gable) is an abrasive, gambling, captain of a tramp steamer, the "kin lu," chugging between singapore and hong kong. tensions are high before the kin lu sails from hong kong because pirates are discovered disguised as women passengers while others try to smuggle weapons aboard. dolly portland (jean harlow) is alan's former girlfriend, who alan later describes at the captain's table as a "professional entertainer," and travels with her maid. meanwhile, another of alan's former loves, aristocratic sybil barclay (rosalind russell) from sussex, england boards the kin lu. "i am in your hands again," barclay taunts gaskell, and eventually they plan to marry when the steamer docks in singapore. however, dolly tries to win back alan. meanwhile, jamesy mcardle (wallace beery) is a corrupt passenger, in league with a gang of pirates who plan to steal the gold shipment of gbp250,000 gold bullion being carried on the steamer.[3] portland discovers the plot and attempts to warn capt. gaskell against mcardle but he deflects her warnings. in calm seas, following a typhoon in which the ship suffered damage to its cargo and the deaths of some crew, the kin lu is boarded by malay pirates, as mcardle expected and with whom he is in alliance. the pirates steal personal possessions from passengers. unable to find gold in the ships strongbox, which capt. gaskell has replaced with sand, they torture capt. gaskell using a malay boot but the captain will not reveal the gold's location. instead, with bravado, gaskell instructs the pirates, as they prepare to torture him: "my size is 9c", before fainting from pain. while leaving the ship, minus the gold they intended to steal, the pirate's ship is bombed by a passenger, who commits suicide using a mills bomb as a grenade, and later strafed by capt. gaskell. their ship sinks in the china seas. frustrated by the failed robbery mcardle commits suicide. when the kin lu docks in singapore, captain gaskell, still limping due to his torture, settles that his love for sybil is superficial. instead he recognises that dolly gave him good warning and he loves her more. they decide to marry. he says farewell to sybil. as the film closes capt. gaskell reveals the gold was safe all along, hidden inside the ship's cargo.
corpus document860
clive of india
in 1748, the british, french, dutch and portuguese are fighting over india. back in england, robert clive (colman) fires and misses in a duel; his opponent walks up to him, points his pistol at clive's head and demands he retract his accusation of cheating. when clive refuses, the other man declares him "mad" and leaves. later, frustrated with the boredom of being a clerk, clive recalls firing a pistol at his own head and having it misfire twice, only to have his friend fire it without a problem. this causes him to wonder if he is "destined for something after all." he is sent to india in disgrace, still a clerk (for the east india company at fort st. george). he is fascinated by a picture of a beautiful woman in the locket of his friend and fellow clerk edmund maskelyne. he discovers that she is edmund's sister and declares he wants to marry her, even though they have never even met. he later brazenly writes to her, asking her to come to india, a year-long journey. when the french attack, clive sees his destiny, as a soldier. the army is poorly manned and led. he persuades edmund into transferring to the army as well. when the british are besieged in trichinopoly, clive sneaks out through the enemy lines without orders to confront the british governor pigot and his council. finding they have no idea what to do, he offers to lift the siege, even though they can raise only 120 men, by attacking arcot, the "capital of southern india". they agree. clive sets out immediately with his small force, captures arcot and raises the siege. in less than a year, he conquers all of southern india. margaret arrives, but is intimidated by his great success. his plans are unchanged, however, and they get married. they return to england to a magnificent london mansion. he wins a seat in parliament, then loses it. clive loses all his money showering (unwanted) luxuries on his wife and contesting elections. fortunately, the east india company wants him to return to india. colonel clive demands the unconditional release of 146 british prisoners, but king of "northern india" suraj ud dowlah throws them into the "black hole of calcutta"; only a handful survive the ordeal. enraged, clive makes a secret treaty with suraj's uncle, mir jaffar, despite lacking the authority to do so. royal navy admiral watson refuses to sign the treaty, but clive forges his signature. advancing against the enemy, clive hesitates to cross a river, soon to be made impassible by the annual monsoon rains, without a firm commitment from mir jaffar. the governor and edmund maskelyne advise caution, and he reluctantly orders a retreat, but a supportive letter from his wife changes his mind, and clive boldly leads his small army across. after much initial success, his men are about to be routed by suraj's war elephants at the battle of plassey when mir jaffar finally commits his forces, ensuring victory. clive sails home to england to enjoy retirement on a country estate with his wife. however, picot arrives with dire news: india is in chaos, all those clive placed in power have been replaced by corrupt men, and mir jaffar has been deposed. pigot offers clive absolute authority to set things right. clive accepts, but his decision comes at the cost of a rupture with his wife, who refuses to go with him. clive not only restores the situation, he expands the territories controlled by the british. however, all the men he got rid of travel to england and accuse him of accepting bribes. clive defends himself, but to no avail. at this dark time, his wife returns to him. the prime minister himself brings the news: the verdict is not in his favour, but he will most likely be allowed to retain his wealth and honour. the prime minister also passes along the private praise of king george.
corpus document861
college scandal
julie fresnel, the daughter of a new french professor on the campus of rudgate college, becomes the center of all attractions.[3] one of her admirers get murdered, followed by a second and a third one.[3] eventually, she is rescued from a house with a time bomb.[3]
corpus document862
collegiate
the irresponsible jerry craig inherits a school from an aunt. he goes there with pal sourpuss and press agent scoop, transforms the place into a charm school encounters a stranger named joe who becomes a financial benefactor. the school's a huge success. jerry's loyalties are torn between his fiancée eunice and secretary juliet, then complications develop when joe doesn't turn out to be who he seems to be.
corpus document863
condemned to live
the film opens with a trio of explorers in africa who are hiding in a cave. one of the explorers, a pregnant woman, is bitten by a vampire bat. the film then cuts forward in time to a small european village where a series of mysterious murders are taking place. the villagers readily assemble in mob form, with torches, at the house of professor kristan (ralph morgan) after every murder. the villagers suspect that a giant bat is to blame for the murders. kristan gives the villagers advice on staying safe, and assures them a scientific explanation exists. however, in subsequent scenes, kristan himself is revealed to be the murderer. he is seized by attacks (triggered by darkness) which transform him into a trance-like state of murderousness. after he commits a murder, he awakens from the trance with no memory of the deed, believing himself merely to have fainted. kristan's obliviousness is further enabled by the intervention of his loyal hunchback zan, the only person aware of kristan's condition. zan follows kristan when he is in his trances, ensuring the professor is not discovered. an old friend of kristan's named dr. bizet arrives to visit, and soon suspects what is happening. bizet discloses to kristan that his mother was bitten by a vampire bat, and that traits of vampirism have likely been passed down to him per lamarckism. (the audience now understands the pregnant explorer in the opening flashback to have been kristan's mother.) after kristan's fiance (maxine doyle) is attacked by an entranced kristan, the mob of villagers assumes zan is culpable and chases him to the edge of a cliff inside a cave. kristan arrives and confesses to the murders, despite zan's protestations (aimed at saving the professor) that he, the hunchback, is in fact the murderer. as the mob watches, kristan throws himself over the edge of the cliff and zan follows.
corpus document864
the crime of dr. crespi
dr. andre crespi (von stroheim) hates dr. stephen ross (bohn), who married crespi's girlfriend, estelle (harriet russell). during surgery, ross appears to die. crespi has given ross a drug that induces a state of apparent death, while ross retains all of his senses. dr. john arnold (guilfoyle) is then asked to exhume ross by the suspicious dr. thomas (frye). they exhume the body and return to the hospital to prove he was poisoned. ross awakens from the drug while on the autopsy table. frye received his highest billing in any of his films for this feature, and performs one of his few non-maniacal roles. he had a more distinguished reputation for his stage work, including broadway.
corpus document865
the crusades
the film takes many of its elements and main characters from the third crusade, which was prompted by the saracen capture of jerusalem and the crusader states in the holy land in a.d. 1187. the character of king richard the lionheart is established early as a man of action but little thought. a hermit arrives preaching a great crusade to bring jerusalem back into christian hands. richard enlists in order, cynically, to get out of an arranged betrothal to princess alice of france. a plot is laid against richard's life by his brother prince john and conrad, marquis of montferrat. en route to the war, richard meets berengaria, princess of navarre and—again cynically—marries her in exchange for food for his men. berengaria accompanies richard to the holy land. during the crusaders' attempts to get past the walls of acre, the allies assemble in conference, but in disarray. richard's ally, philip ii of france, is enraged at richard's rejection of his sister alice, but richard defies philip and the other troubled allies by proclaiming berengaria queen of england. the christian leaders meet in parley with the muslim sultan and leader saladin. saladin is struck by berengaria's beauty and bravery in supporting her husband. however, he rejects any truce with the crusaders, and declares that the arrogant richard will "never pass the gates of jerusalem." berengaria is fearful that her presence in camp is causing disloyalty among richard's allies, in particular the powerful french king philip, and may harm their holy quest. seeking death, she enters no man's land between the lines, only to be wounded and captured by the forces of saladin. the hermit, the christian "holy man" who had preached the crusade, also is captured. saladin escapes the siege, and brings berengaria to jerusalem to care for her, with admiration and growing affection. not knowing this, and inflamed to save the queen of england, richard and the crusaders storm acre, then battle their way to jerusalem. the internal plot against richard's life is hatched by conrad and disloyal soldiers. conrad reveals his plot to saladin, expecting to be rewarded. berengaria offers herself to saladin if he will intervene and save richard's life. saladin, moved by berengaria's loyalty to richard and appalled at conrad's perfidy, orders conrad to be summarily executed and richard to be rescued. with their forces exhausted, richard and saladin agree to a truce, and berengaria is freed. the gates of jerusalem are opened to all christians with the exception of richard, in keeping with saladin’s proviso. forlorn, richard only belatedly appreciates berengaria’s loyalty and love for him. richard encounters berengaria on her way to the holy city. he admits his mistakes, but berengaria proceeds alone toward jerusalem, their future together unknown.
corpus document866
curly top
young elizabeth blair (shirley temple) lives at the lakeside orphanage, a dreary, regimented place supervised by two decent but dour women. her older sister mary (rochelle hudson) works in the kitchen, laundry, and dormitory. elizabeth is a sweet child but her high spirits often lead her into trouble with the superintendent. when the trustees descend on the orphanage for a tour of inspection, elizabeth is caught playfully mimicking the head trustee and is threatened with being sent to a public institution. young, rich, handsome trustee edward morgan (john boles) intervenes. he takes a liking to elizabeth and, in a private interview with the child, learns that most of her life has been spent obsequiously expressing her gratitude for every mouthful that has fallen her way. he adopts her but, not wanting to curb elizabeth's spirit by making her feel slavishly obligated to him for every kindness, he tells her a fictitious "hiram jones" is her benefactor and he is simply acting on jones's behalf as his lawyer. he nicknames her "curly top." meanwhile, he has met and fallen in love with elizabeth's sister mary but will not admit it. elizabeth and mary leave the orphanage and take up residence in morgan's luxurious southampton beach house. his kindly aunt, genevieve graham (esther dale), and his very proper butler reynolds (arthur treacher) are charmed by the two. elizabeth has everything a child could want including a pony cart and silk pajamas. mary secretly loves morgan but, believing he has no romantic interest in her, she accepts an offer of marriage from young navy pilot jimmie rogers (maurice murphy). morgan is taken aback but offers his congratulations. hours later, mary ends the engagement when she realizes she doesn't truly love jimmie. morgan then declares his love, reveals he is the fictitious "hiram jones", and plans marriage and a long honeymoon in europe with mary.
corpus document867
dante's inferno
jim carter, a former stoker, takes over a fairground show, run by 'pop' mcwade, which depicts scenes from dante's inferno. he marries pop's niece betty and they have a son, alexander. meanwhile, the show becomes a great success, with carter making it larger and more lurid. an inspector declares the fair unsafe but carter bribes him into silence. there is a partial collapse at the fair which injures pop. recovering in hospital, he admonishes carter and we see a lengthy vision of the inferno. undeterred, carter establishes a new venture with an unsafe floating casino, only for disaster to strike again at sea.
corpus document868
the daring young man
two top reporters, male and female (dunn, clarke), fall in love and plan to marry, however as she waits for the groom at the church he never shows up. he was enticed into going undercover in a jail to expose gang activity inside the jail, being promised a lot of money and prestige for the story. before leaving for the assignment he writes a letter to his beloved, but his publisher rips it up, so she thinks he has gotten cold feet and she gets angry at him for deserting her. meanwhile, he exposes corrupt activity inside the jail. will his beloved ever find out the truth of why he never showed up to marry her?
corpus document869
the dark angel
kitty vane, alan trent, and gerald shannon have been inseparable friends since childhood. both alan and gerald are in love with kitty, who in turn has been infatuated with alan her entire life. gerald and alan are drafted into world war i. they return home for ten days, during which time alan proposes to kitty and she joyously accepts. despite his own love for kitty, gerald gives the couple his blessing. however, the newly engaged couple’s happiness is cut short when gerald and alan are ordered back into service the very next day. kitty and alan search for somebody to marry them, but nobody is available. they decide they do not need to officially marry, and agree to spend the night together before alan must return to the war. alan and kitty book a room in an inn. kitty’s cousin lawrence sees alan taking champagne and flowers up the room and works out that alan has a woman in his room, unaware that it is kitty. the next day, lawrence teases alan about the previous night. gerald misunderstands and believes alan has cheated on kitty. when gerald confronts him, alan does not reveal he in fact spent the evening with kitty, so as to protect her reputation. gerald, furious for kitty’s sake, refuses to grant alan leave so he can return home and marry kitty properly. instead, gerald inadvertently pressures alan to join a dangerous mission. alan nobley volunteers. months later and gerald returns home to kitty. they both mourn the death of alan, believed to be killed in an explosion. together they realise gerald’s misunderstanding and conclude that they are both, in a way, to be blamed for alan’s death. both consumed with grief, they end up growing closer and developing feelings for one another. meanwhile, it is revealed that alan did not die. he lost his eyesight and was cared for in a german hospital, adopting the name of roger crane so that his family could not locate him. a doctor, george barton, finds a photograph of alan, kitty and gerald and realises that alan has changed his name to escape his past. george allows “roger” to leave. alan plans to return to kitty, but has a change of mind at the last minute when he believes people will pity kitty and that she will only care for him out of duty. he leaves town and stays in an inn. he becomes friendly with the innkeeper’s children, betty, joe and ginger. inspired by his friendship with them, he begins to write a series of successful children’s books, and is able to move into his own home with a private secretary. george barton visits alan, still living as “roger”, and sees in the paper a photograph of kitty and gerald with the announcement that they are to be married. recognising them as the couple from alan’s photograph and realising that alan is still in love with kitty, george contacts them. gerald at first does not recognise the name roger crane, but works out who he really is. gerald and kitty go to visit alan, who attempts to conceal his blindness from them. at first, they do not realise he cannot see, causing kitty to believe alan has distanced himself from her and no longer loves her. she wishes to part as friends and holds her hand out to him, but he cannot see and she believes he has rejected her. gerald, however, realises the truth and encourages kitty to go back into the house. alan, hearing footsteps, believes his secretary is in the room and begins talking to her, causing kitty to realise alan is blind. she does not care and hurries over to alan, where they finally profess their love for each other. gerald leaves them to reunite.
corpus document870
the dawn rider
john mason chases after his father's killer, an outlaw who remains elusive until he is tricked into revealing himself with a decoy gold shipment. to complicate matters, the killer is the brother of alice, the woman with whom mason has fallen in love. alice begs mason not seek vengeance, but a showdown is inevitable.
corpus document871
death from a distance
while a distinguished astronomer is giving a lecture in a planetarium, a shot rings out and one of the audience member is found dead. a tough detective and a brassy female reporter lock horns as they both try to break the case.
corpus document872
the desert trail
rodeo star john scott (john wayne) and his gambler friend kansas charlie (eddy chandler) are wrongly accused of armed robbery at the rattlesnake gulch rodeo (with an admission price of $1) just after john scott gets his rodeo prize money. the rodeo official is robbed and murdered by pete (al ferguson) and jim (paul fix) a minute after scott and kansas charlie leave. pete tells authorities he just saw john and his friend kansas charlie leaving the office. now fugitives, john and charlie flee to another town where they assume new names. there they compete for the affections of a woman who runs a store, jim's sister anne whitaker (mary kornman). later, john and charlie interrupt a stagecoach holdup by pete and jim. but after john brings the stagecoach and its passengers back to town, pete shows up and fingers them for the crime. john and charlie find themselves in jail. jim, knowing they are innocent and feeling guilty for his part in the crimes, helps bust them out. john and charlie head after pete to try to get a confession, with a posse riding hard behind them.
corpus document873
devil dogs of the air
lieut. bill brannigan (pat o'brien) invites friend and hotshot pilot tommy o'toole (james cagney), the self-styled "world's greatest aviator", to join the usmc reserve aviator training program. o'toole arrives and promptly starts to move in on brannigan's love interest, betty roberts (margaret lindsay), and in typical cocky fashion, antagonizes nearly everyone else. although not temperamentally suited for the military, o'toole completes primary training and after surviving an accident, eventually realizes that he is willing to change. after a competition in the air with his friend brannigan, and for the attentions of betty, there is a predictable conclusion with o'toole coming out the victor.
corpus document874
the devil is a woman
the story unfolds amidst the festivities of seville’s carnival set in the fin de siècle spain. the events revolve around four characters – there are no subplots. concha "conchita" perez: a beautiful, piquant and heartless factory girl who seduces and discards her lovers without remorse – an irresistible femme fatale. antonio garvan: a young bourgeois revolutionary, one step ahead of seville’s police. he is narcissistic, yet good-natured, and lucky with women. captain don pasqual costelar: a middle-aged aristocrat and captain of the civil guard. his conservative exterior conceals powerful salacious impulses. governor don paquito: a minor character. the despotic commander of seville’s police force, who is responsible for maintaining order during the festivities,. don paquito is susceptible to the charms of attractive women.[1] the film’s narrative is presented in four scenes, the second of which contains a series of flashbacks. scene 1 – the boulevards of seville are jammed with revelers wearing grotesque costumes, masks and parade sculptures. a detachment of civil guards stagger among the masqueraded merrymakers, bewildered by the “riotous disorder”. a frenzied merriment prevails. antonio galvan mixes with the crowds, evading the authorities who pursue him. he makes eye contact with the dazzling concha, who is perched on an garish street float. the coquette flees into throng with antonio in pursuit: he is rewarded with a secret note inviting him to meet with her in person that evening. scene 2 – antonio has a chance encounter with a friend of years past, don pasqual. the younger man, consumed with the image of the lovely concha, asks the older gentleman what he knows of the mysterious girl. don pasqual solemnly relates the details of his fateful relationship with the young temptress in a series of vignettes. his tale is the confession of a man in thrall to the devastating girl. she subjects him to ridicule and humiliation, manipulating don pasqual in the manner of a puppet master – to which he submits. his public prestige and authority is shattered and he resigns his commission in disgrace. satisfied with her conquest, she flings him aside.[2] don pasqual assures antonio that any desire he has felt for concha is utterly extinguished. he further exhorts the young man to avoid any contact with the temptress, and antonio vows to heed his warning. scene 3 – don pasqual’s cautionary tale has produced the opposite effect on antonio and he keeps his rendezvous with enigmatic concha. alone together in a room at a club nocturne, antonio confronts her with don pasqual’s tale of betrayal. a handwritten note arrives during the interview – a note from don pasqual declaring his undying love for concha. she reads the confidential confession to antonio, who responses by passionately kissing her. moments later, don pasqual enters their private quarters, where his motivations for lecturing his young rival on the dangers of the devilish concha are fully exposed. he compounds his duplicity by accusing antonio of breaking his oath. concha leaps to antonio’s defense and insultingly dismisses her erstwhile lover. don pasqual slaps antonio – a formal insult – and a duel is arranged. don pasqual departs, after demonstrating his expert marksmanship with a pistol. concha pledges to accompany antonio to paris after the duel. the suitors meet at a secluded location the following morning. concha accuses don pasqual of threatening to kill “the only man i ever cared for”. when the duelists step to their positions, don pasqual declines to discharge his pistol, and is gravely wounded by antonio’s bullet. the police, notified of the illegal combat, arrive and arrest the fugitive garvan. don paquel is taken to the hospital. scene 4 – concha, desperate to rescue antonio, turns her charms on governor paquito, and obtains his authorization form her lovers release from prison. paquito gratuitously issues her two passports that will allow them to escape to paris. concha visits the hospital where the mortally wounded don pasqual is clinging to life. she acknowledges her debt to her former flame for sparing antonio’s life; pasqual spurns her, but she detects that he still adores her. concha and antonia make their way to the border crossing with france and pass customs without incident. the train will depart momentarily, and antonio eagerly enters their carriage. concha hesitates, then informs the station master that she is not boarding. when the shocked antonio calls to her from the window of the moving train, she announces that she intends to rejoin the dying don pasqual and she reenters spain.
corpus document875
diamond jim
diamond jim brady (edward arnold) is born to an irish saloonkeeper and his wife in 1856, but is soon orphaned. at the age of thirty, working as baggage master at the spuyten duyvil train station, he rents a suit and a diamond from a pawn shop, and gets a job as a salesman; soon, he is the top salesman on the staff. while on a cross-continental sales trip, brady rescues mr. fox (eric blore) from a crooked salesman, but in the process they are forced to jump from the train. brady soon discovers that mr. fox is trying to sell something called an "undertruck" to be used at railroad stations, so he takes on the product himself. with success, brady wants to marry his sweetheart, emma perry (jean arthur), but finds out that she is engaged. heartbroken, he devotes all of his energy to the brady-fox company. a grand success, brady has ostentatious diamond jewelry designed for him, leading to his nickname, "diamond jim brady". brady spares no expense to indulge his every whim, lavishing money on wine, women, song and especially food. brady sees singer lillian russell (binnie barnes) perform, introduces himself, and soon he is promoting her career and flirting with her. russell, however, is in love with businessman jerry richardson (cesar romero). brady soon meets jane matthews (jean arthur again), a lookalike for emma, and is instantly smitten with her. they become engaged, but on the eve of their wedding, brady gets drunk because of his suspicions about jane's relationship with a banker named "briggs" who is supposedly her "uncle", and the wedding is called off. jane remains his friend, but refuses to give in to his occasional proposals – for one thing, she has fallen in love with jerry, but neither want to tell brady for fear of hurting his feelings. when the stock market crashes, brady loses his fortune, and starts again from scratch, promoting a steel railroad car for its supposed safety. he is injured during a public demonstration of the car, and spends a year recovering in the hospital, while at the same time rebuilding his fortune. when he gets out, he plans a trip to europe for himself, jane, lillian and jerry, during which he believes he will finally get jane to marry him. instead, jane and jerry confess their love, the news of which shatters jim. on the rebound, he proposes to lillian, but she rejects him as well. despondent, he returns home and prepares to eat himself to death, but not before burning up all the i.o.u.'s in his possession.
corpus document876
don't bet on blondes
when top broadway bookmaker odds owen (warren william) loses $50,000 on a horse owned by everett markham (clay clement), he investigates and founds out that the horse was doped. owen visits everett and lets him know that everett will be selling his horses and paying back the $50,000. owen is inspired by hearing about lloyds of london. he decides to go into the business of underwriting unusual insurance policies. everett is a friend to actress marilyn youngblood (claire dodd). marilyn supports her ne’er do well father, colonel youngblood (guy kibbee), and she is dating rich playboy dwight board (walter byron) who is also a hypochondriac. everett convinces marilyn’s father to take out a 3-year insurance policy against marilyn getting married. if she gets married within three years, her father gets 50,000. owen agrees to insure the policy. owen’s men get rid of dwight by convincing him that marriage could kill someone with a weak heart. marilyn starts seeing david van dusen (errol flynn). owen’s men go to the restaurant where marilyn and van dusen are eating and pretend to be shady characters who know van dusen. one of them walks by and hands van dusen an envelope with money. another hands him a gun wrapped in a handkerchief. marilyn, convinced he is a gangster, breaks up with him. marilyn notices owen nearby and remarks on how strange it is to see him again when she is breaking up with someone. owen is attracted to marilyn and starting starts dating her, ostensibly to keep her from dating anyone else. marilyn’s father tells her about the insurance policy. she decides to make owen fall for her and he does. to get back at owen, marilyn becomes engaged to everett. now everett will have his revenge. owen will lose $50,000 and marilyn. owen tells everett he won’t welch but he doesn’t think everett will marry marilyn. owen has fallen in love with her, placing him in a dilemma, caught between the heart and the wallet. marilyn’s father begs owen to stop the wedding. marilyn, at the church, is hoping the same thing. everett doesn’t show up for the wedding. owen appears in his place and marilyn happily marries him. owen’s men pay off dozens of cabbies who have caused a traffic jam which prevented everett from getting to the church.
corpus document877
enchanted april
at hampstead court housewives club, two women sit in the living room with a fireplace. outside it's raining. one of the women reads a book (a biography of madame du barry); the other woman is nervously looking in the room and finally decides to look up the newspaper. when she sees a certain announcement she has to talk, saying to the other woman how beautiful it would be to leave dreadful london and go south to italy, renting a castle for two or more people and splitting the costs. so they find the way to san salvatore and the enchanted april is there from the very minute they arrived. their husbands and lovers are soon popping up and passing by, and the italians who know, understand the english people. a mixture of slapstick comedy and on the other side the rarefied figure of ann harding.
corpus document878
escapade
set somewhere in vienna in the 1900s (decade), the film opens with a successful surgeon (morgan), feeing[clarification needed] for the affection of his wife (bruce). as does his brother, a concert conductor (owen), for his flirtatious gal (christians). both women have something in common: they are in love with a philandering painter (powell). the surgeon's wife contacts the artist and allows herself to be painted while only dressed in furs, with her face covered by a mask. the painting headlines the newspapers, and the entire city wonders who the mysterious masked lady is. the surgeon recognizes his brother's fiancee's furs in the painting, and is troubled. he is unaware that his own wife has borrowed the fur, though, and feels terribly sorry for his brother. together, the brothers decide to confront the artist, but he denies having met either of the men's wife. when the brothers challenge him to a duel if he does not tell them the name of the woman who posed for him, the artist randomly picks the name "major". in the phone book, it turns out that one lady in vienna is named major: leopoldine (rainer). she is the companion of a socially prominent countess, and is startled by the claim that she was the model. the painter falls in love with her, but the prior affair with a married woman causes complications.
corpus document879
false pretenses
when mary beekman (irene ware) loses her waitress job, after a fight with her loutish boyfriend, trucker mike o’reilly (edward gargan) she stands at a bridge on a windy night, losing her pay check through a windblown and leans over the guardrail of the bridge to catch it. socialite kenneth alden (sidney blackmer) catches her, thinking she wants to jump the bridge. he’s lost everything that is not already mortgaged. both down on their luck, they assume that the other is there to jump off the bridge. instead, mary has an idea. if ken sells shares to a syndicate of his wealthy friends, in a phoney beauty product, they’ll have enough money for some clothes to pass mary off in society, long enough to meet and marry a wealthy bachelor. then, they can pay everyone back, with interest. the con might work, except that ken has too much integrity to marry for money to clarissa (betty compson) (whom he loves for years), and mary is beginning to see his point when she falls for pat (russell hopton), who has secrets of his own. the plot boils over when mike shows up to blow the lid off. pat's valet is a thief, who promised not to act foolishly. but he escapes with a stolen tiara. meantime mary thinks to leave as things do not work out, so she shares the taxi to the station with pat's valet escaping with the tiara. after a police chase, mary is hauled off to the station. it looks like no one is going to end up with anything, but a bad reputation; but, it’s not over yet, in this curious, romantic comedy, about the social set, in 1930's america, from chesterfield films.[2]
corpus document880
a feather in her hat
in 1925 london, middle-aged, widowed shopkeeper clarissa phipps (pauline lord) pities genteel, but homeless drunkard captain randolph courtney (basil rathbone) and takes him in. when courtney corrects the lower-class accent and grammar of her son richard, a germ of an idea is born. richard benefits from courtney's tutelage as he grows up. ten years later, on richard's twenty-first birthday, clarissa makes a startling announcement. she is not his mother, but was merely hired to raise him for his upper-class parents. she gives him a bank passbook with a balance of £1000 as arranged with his real mother and asks him to move out on his own. richard (louis hayward) and courtney are both stunned. emily judson (nydia westman), with whom richard has grown up, is distressed as well; she had hoped to marry him, but now feels he is out of her reach. from clarissa's private papers and what she had said, courtney guesses that richard's mother is julia trent anders (billie burke), a former star actress. would-be playwright richard, seeking to get to know her, becomes a lodger in her mansion, where he also meets her absentminded scientist husband paul (victor varconi) and her beautiful stepdaughter pauline (wendy barrie). richard and pauline are attracted to each other, much to the annoyance of rival suitor leo cartwright (david niven). pauline becomes aware of emily's prior claim, however, and desists. when julia discovers that her tenant has written a play (with a starring role suitable for her comeback), she introduces him to her friend, producer sir elroyd joyce (thurston hall). joyce reads his play as a favor to julia; however, while he sees promise in richard's work, it would be too expensive for him to produce. when clarissa finds out, she sells her shop and uses most of the proceeds to secretly finance it without richard's knowledge. she and courtney proudly attend the premiere of son of sixpence. the play is a success, but the experience is too much for clarissa, already in very bad health. on her deathbed, she admits to richard that she is actually his mother after all. emily, admitting defeat, concedes richard to pauline.
corpus document881
fighting youth
a radical campus group persuades student carol arlington to lead a protest of a college's football team. she manages to recruit larry davis, even though he is a star player for state's team. larry needs money to marry sweetheart betty wilson, but needs a job. carol and the committee protest that the school is using its athletes to make a profit. a distracted larry fumbles in the next game and is kicked off the team by coach parker, who is offended by larry's campus activities. with some asserting that larry lost the game on purpose, a campus radical, tony tonetti, turns out to be an undercover agent investigating troublemakers trying to infiltrate the campus and influence the students. larry is left out of the big season-ending game until the very end, when parker has a change of heart, lets him play and ends up victorious.
corpus document882
the flame within
a suicidal woman, lillian belton (maureen o'sullivan), unsuccessfully attempts suicide by taking pills, and she is referred to a psychiatrist for therapy. while at the psychiatrist, lillian attempts suicide again by trying to jump out the window, and she is only stopped by the psychiatrist, dr. mary white (ann harding). dr. white learns that lillian’s troubles are connected to jack kerry, (louis hayward) who she contacted just prior to her attempt with the psychiatrist. lillian loves jack, but he is an alcoholic and does not love lillian the way she loves him. dr. white contacts jack, and persuades him to seek treatment for his alcoholism. as jack completes his treatment, he falls in love with dr. white, but the dr. reminds jack of lillian’s need for him, and jack and lillian marry. lillian’s physician, dr. gordon phillips (herbert marshall), is also in love with dr. white, but cannot convince her to leave her patients and her practice. dr. white encounters lillian and jack at a costume ball, and jack manages to get a dance with dr. white, as a suspicious lillian looks on. jack confesses his love for dr. white, but she again reminds him of his marriage and commitment to lillian. an enraged lillian creates a scene with dr, white, who uses this experience as a parallel of her and dr. phillips’ relationship.
corpus document883
four hours to kill!
taft, a policeman, has fugitive murderer tony mako in custody and in handcuffs, two thousand miles from the prison from which mako escaped. with four hours to kill, taft takes his prisoner to a theater where the cop's wife, mae, is a hostess. mae is an unfaithful schemer. she is trying to extort $200 from coat-check kid eddie, insinuating she is pregnant. eddie doesn't want his fiancee helen to hear this, true or otherwise, so he tries to raise the money to pay mae's blackmail. eddie is also suspected of stealing an expensive piece of jewelry. mako made the journey this far in the hope of gaining revenge against anderson, a man who informed on him. after telling taft he would prefer a quick death to a painful execution, mako breaks free and shoots anderson before being shot by taft, dying the kind of death he wanted. eddie is cleared and now free to marry helen, while mae is taken away to jail.
corpus document884
freckles
freckles, a young man and orphan, shows up at a lumber camp, where the local schoolteacher, mary arden, takes a shine to him and convinces the lumber company's owner, mclean, to hire freckles as a guard. while working there, freckles begins a relationship with mary, while laurie-lou duncan, a precocious young girl also befriends freckles and helps him learn more about the forest and the plants it contains. laurie-lou has a pet bear cub, and one day when the cub is in danger of being injured by a tree about to be felled by the lumberjacks, she attempts to untie it, but the tree begins to fall before she can finish. seeing her danger, freckles rushes to her, and pulls her out of the way of the falling tree. the bear cub, cubby, is injured, but survives his injuries. laurie-lou also meets jack carter, a felon, who is hiding out in a cabin in the woods with several friends of his, who happen to be bank robbers. carter gets on laurie-lou good side by carving wooden soldiers for her. wanting him to make a figure she is missing from her set, she hides in his car to follow him to his home, hoping to convince him to make it for her. however, once there, she is held captive by carter's felon friends. when she doesn't return, freckles tracks her to carter's cabin, where he too is captured. however, he surprises his captors by escaping, although he is wounded by a gunshot during his exit. he does not abandon laurie-lou, instead returning to the room where she is being held, and barring the door. as the felons attempt to break in, she shows him where a gun and ammo are kept. unfamiliar with the weapon, he fumbles to load it as the bank robbers get close to gaining entry. just in time, he loads the weapon, surprising the criminals and holding them at bay. he is becoming weak from loss of blood when arden arrives with the police, having learned of their location from laurie-lee's mother. the criminals are captured, and freckles and arden agree to marry.
corpus document885
frisco kid
in san francisco in the 1850s, a city where gold fever has left shipowners short-handed, bat morgan, a sailor come ashore is robbed and nearly shanghaied aboard another ship. managing to escape, he sticks around town to pay back those responsible and then to take a cut in the action in the vice district. organizing the various gambling houses (and other forms of vice implied but, for code reasons, not explicitly stated) into a consolidated enterprise in alliance with a corrupt city boss, jim dailey, he comes into conflict with a crusading newspaper, run by jean barrat, the daughter of the late murdered publisher, and charles ford, the idealistic editor. loyal to his friends, even when they are on the other side, bat morgan protects the editor, when jim dailey orders him eliminated. he also falls in love with jean, but his way of life and lack of any morality beyond looking out for number one make a permanent relationship all but impossible. riled at a judge's snub, he determines to bring his barbary coast crowd to the opening night at the opera house, which the judge has opened as an alternative place of amusement to the gambling dens. a gambler, paul morra, shoulders his way into the judge's box and on a flimsy excuse, murders him. the outrage provokes a public outcry, and when morra is arrested and jailed and a lynch mob gathers, crying for his blood, bat arranges his release, not so much because he likes him as because he owes him a debt of gratitude for having started him on the upward rise. soon after, ford is murdered by jim dailey in a bar-room fight. jean blames bat, holding him responsible for all the evil done by those who work with him. a vigilance movement sets out to clean up the town, rounding up morra and dailey, and hanging them both. when the lowlife of the barbary coast determine to pay it back by wrecking the press and burning the city, bat morgan convinces them to do otherwise. trying to keep them from fighting back as the vigilantes come to destroy the coast, he is shot in the back by one of the underworld forces and captured by the vigilantes. jean barrat saves him from hanging, and he is permitted to go free, on her parole.
corpus document886
frisco waterfront
california gubernatorial candidate burton (lyon) is about to cast his vote, when a truck crashes into the polling booth, critically injuring him and his opponent. a flashback traces his career from unemployed veteran to dockworker in san francisco to lawyer. a side story traces his tortured relationship with his wife,
corpus document887
front page woman
ellen garfield refuses to marry fellow reporter curt devlin until he admits she is as good at her craft as any man. the two work for rival newspapers, and their ongoing efforts to better each other eventually leads to ellen getting fired when curt tricks her into misreporting the verdict of a murder trial. the tables are turned when she scoops him by getting the real perpetrator, inez cordoza, to confess to the crime. forced to admit ellen is a good reporter, he finally wins her hand.
corpus document888
g men
one year after graduation, new york city lawyer james "brick" davis (james cagney) has no clients because he refuses to compromise with his ideals and integrity. his friend eddie buchanan (regis toomey) tries to recruit him as a federal agent or "g man" (government man), but davis is unsure. however, when buchanan is killed while trying to arrest a gangster, davis changes his mind, determined to bring the killer to justice. he bids farewell to his mentor, "mac" mackay (william harrigan), a mob boss who financed his education to keep davis on the right side of the law. he bids farewell to jean morgan (ann dvorak), the star of mackay's nightclub who has feelings for davis. davis travels to washington, d.c. to begin his training. a mutual dislike forms immediately between him and his instructor, jeff mccord (robert armstrong) which eventually subsides as time passes, but not before mccord openly mocks and derides davis' attempts at training -something the tom powers cagney would have never stood for. the scenes give cagney's davis a maturity seldom seen before in his roles, while portraying armstrong as a bully and excessively childish. in addition, davis is attracted to mccord's sister kay (margaret lindsay) which strengthens his determination to remain passive despite mccord's efforts to rile him. meanwhile, mackay retires and buys a resort lodge out in the woods of wisconsin. his men, free of his restraint, embark on a crime spree. hamstrung by existing laws (federal agents have to get local warrants and are not even allowed to carry guns), the head of the g-men pleads for new laws to empower his beleaguered men. they are enacted with great speed. davis identifies one of the perpetrators, danny leggett (edward pawley), by his superstition of always wearing a gardenia. not having completed his training, he can only give agent hugh farrell (lloyd nolan) tips on leggett's habits. farrell tracks down and arrests his quarry, but he and some of his men are gunned down, and leggett escapes. mccord is put in charge of the manhunt and given his choice of five agents. he picks davis, a decision that later pays dividends when jean is brought in for questioning, davis learns she is now married to collins (barton maclane), one of the crooks. she inadvertently lets slip that the gang is hiding out at mackay's lodge (against mackay's will). in the ensuing wild shootout, davis kills mackay, who was being used as a human shield. before he dies, mackay forgives his distraught friend. davis then tries to resign from the department but mccord talks him out of it by reminding him that mckay's death wasn't his fault and asks him to stay on. only collins gets away. mccord and davis go to jean's apartment to warn her. jean is not there, but collins is, and shoots at them. davis pushes mccord out of the way and takes a bullet meant for him. collins gets away. davis ends up in the hospital (where kay is a nurse) for his shoulder wound. collins kidnaps kay to use as a hostage. jean finds out where he is hiding and telephones davis, only to be shot by her husband. davis bolts from his hospital bed, has some final words for the dying jean, sneaks inside the garage and rescues kay. collins is shot to death by mccord as he tries to drive away. kay escorts the still-bandaged davis back to the hospital, vowing to "handle your case personally."
corpus document889
the gay deception
secretary mirabel miller (frances dee) wins a lottery and decides to live it up in a luxurious new york hotel (the waldorf-plaza), where she clashes with a bellboy (francis lederer) who is more than he appears to be.
corpus document890
george white's 1935 scandals
the film centers on real-life stage and screen producer george white as he gathers acts for his new broadway revue. at the top of his list is blonde alice faye. also appearing in the film was james dunn and cliff edwards. george white's 1935 scandals is best remembered as the major film debut of a young dancer named eleanor powell, here performing a "specialty dance". powell, already a broadway star, had played bit parts in a couple of films prior to this, but scandals was her first major film role. according to her introduction to the book gotta sing, gotta dance, a mix-up in the make-up department resulted in her being made to look almost egyptian and she left the production so disenchanted with movie-making, she initially rejected a contract offer by mgm that later in the year placed her in the popular broadway melody of 1936. reportedly, bill "bojangles" robinson filmed a dance routine for this film, but it was cut. actress jane wyman appeared in the film as an uncredited chorine.
corpus document891
gigolette
kay parrish is the daughter of a former millionaire who lost everything in the stock market crash in 1929. she works as a waitress in a small country diner, where she meets terrence gallagher and chuck ahearn. gallagher runs a speakeasy in new york city, where ahearn works as his bouncer. gallagher gives kay his card, and tells him to look him up, but she scoffs at the idea. after they leave, kay is told that her father has committed suicide. determined to make something of her life, she travels to new york city to "make it big". once in new york, however, she is unable to find a job. desperate, she looks up gallagher, who hires her as a "gigolette", a young prostitute to entertain male clients at his club the "hee haw". not in love with her work, and having a budding romantic interest between her and gallagher, she repeatedly attempts to get him to open a "legit" club. he refuses, and during her work, kay meets the wealthy gregg emerson, who she becomes romantically involved with. shortly after, gallagher is forced by the new liquor license laws, but he declares his intention to open up a new club. meanwhile, despite kay being snubbed by his parents, emerson declares his love for kay and his intention to marry her. however, when gallagher is in danger of losing his new club due to the extortion tactics of the gangster, vanie rourke, kay gives gallagher money to save the new club. the money was part of an engagement gift, and when he finds out, emerson believes that kay is in cahoots with gallagher to defraud him. however, gallagher is able to convince emerson of kay's fidelity, and the two are reunited.
corpus document892
the gilded lily
stenographer marilyn david (claudette colbert) and newspaper reporter peter dawes (fred macmurray) meet every thursday on a bench outside the new york public library to eat popcorn and watch the world go by. one day, peter confesses his love to her, but she tells him she only considers him a friend—that someday she will find love when she meets the right man. afterwards on the subway, marilyn meets a wealthy english aristocrat, lord charles gray granton (ray milland), who is visiting new york incognito as a commoner. after she helps him escape a confrontation with a subway guard, he walks her home and the two flirt with each other. he does not tell her that his father is the duke of loamshire, nor does he mention that he is engaged to an englishwoman. in the coming days they go on dates to cony island and have dinner together, and soon they fall in love. at their next thursday meeting, marilyn reveals to peter that she has fallen in love someone. disappointed, he tells her that things can never be the same between them, but assures her that she can always depend on his friendship. when charles' father, lloyd granton (c. aubrey smith), learns that his son intends to propose to an american girl, he insists that they first return to england to break off his current engagement properly. charles visits marilyn before he leaves and—still not revealing his identity—tells her that he found a job and will be out of town on business for a few weeks. the next day, peter learns from his editor that the duke of loamshire and his son have been in new york for six weeks without the press being aware of it, and are preparing to sail back for england. while working on his usual shipping news column at the docks, peter spots duke granton and his son charles boarding a ship. after a brief interview, the duke gives peter $100 to keep their names out of the newspapers. annoyed at the duke's arrogance, peter publishes his column the following day, complete with a photo of the grantons. when marilyn sees that her "charles" is in fact lord granton returning to england to marry his english fiancé—at least according to peter's story—she rushes to her friend heartbroken and reveals that charles is the man she's been dating. believing that charles was simply using her, peter writes a fictitious article about marilyn, whom he calls the "no" girl, turning down lord granton's marriage proposal and deciding to hold out for true love instead. the story causes an immediate scandal and generates sympathy for marilyn who becomes an overnight celebrity. meanwhile on the ship, the grantons are informed of the scandal and that charles' fiancé has broken her engagement. convinced that marilyn is attempting to blackmail him, charles sends her a telegram asking how much money she wants in return for her silence. that night while comforting marilyn over drinks at the gingham café, peter decides to capitalize on the publicity and her newfound celebrity. he works out a deal with the owner who gives marilyn a job as a singer and dancer at the café—even though she cannot sing or dance. after a few singing and dancing lessons and a massive promotional campaign, marilyn opens to a packed house. despite her lack of talent, her self-effacing manner wins laughs from the audience who are completely won over by her innocence and charm. through peter's clever management and publicity stunts, the "no" girl becomes a household name and a nightclub star, with her image appearing on billboards, posters, and front page newspaper articles across the country. despite her fame and popularity, marilyn is unable to forget her feelings for charles. believing that if she sees him again she'll get over him, marilyn travels to london to perform her nightclub act. during one performance, she sees charles in the audience; after sharing a romantic dance together, they agree to renew their relationship. a brokenhearted peter graciously bows out of her life and returns to america so she can be happy. later he sends her a box of popcorn as a reminder of their friendship. meanwhile, life with charles is not as perfect as she had envisioned. he seems more interested in her celebrity than in their love. when charles invites her to go away with him to the country for a week—implying she is someone with loose morals—she assembles the press and announces that she's "going home to sit on a bench and eat popcorn". back in new york on a snowy thursday night, marilyn rushes through crowds of her admirers and makes her way to the library bench. peter soon arrives with his popcorn, takes marilyn in his arms, and kisses her passionately.
corpus document893
the girl from 10th avenue
geoffrey sherwood, rejected by valentine french in favor of wealthier suitor john marland, watches her wedding from outside the church. inebriated, he becomes increasingly louder, drawing the attention of two policemen as well as miriam brady, a shopgirl on her lunch hour, who takes geoff to a cafe to spare him from arrest. there they encounter hugh brown and tony hewlitt, two of his society friends, who offer miriam $100 to keep an eye on geoffrey and make sure he stays out of trouble. the following morning the couple discover that while under the influence of alcohol they were married by a justice of the peace. miriam offers to give her new husband his freedom, but he decides to remain with her. they set up housekeeping in an apartment in a lower-class neighborhood, and while geoff starts his own business, miriam tries to improve herself with the assistance of mrs. martin, her landlady and a former showgirl. with his bride helping him to stay sober, geoff succeeds and the marriage remains solid until valentine decides she wants him back. miriam confronts the woman in a restaurant and their ensuing argument is reported in the newspaper. miriam leaves geoff who, realizing he truly loves her, tells valentine they have no future together, finds his wife, and gives her a wedding band as a sign of his commitment to their marriage.
corpus document894
the glass key
paul madvig (edward arnold) controls crime and politics in the city, helped by the brains and brawn of ed beaumont (george raft). as he throws his support behind janet (claire dodd) henry's father in a political campaign, paul also plans to marry her. janet's brother taylor (ray milland) is a gambler heavily in debt to o'rory (robert gleckler), a gangster whose club paul intends to put out of business. taylor, who has been romancing paul's younger sister opal (rosalind keith), is found dead. the temperamental paul falls under suspicion. ed pretends to betray paul while offering to work for o'rory's organization. he is beaten by jeff (guinn williams), a brutal thug who works for o'rory, and has to flee for his life. paul is going to face murder charges, but janet knows who is really behind her brother's death. it's up to ed to get her to reveal the truth.
corpus document895
go into your dance
broadway star al howard (al jolson) has a habit of walking out on hit shows. his sister molly (glenda farrell) promises his agent he will never do it again, but he is banned from broadway. molly tracks al down in mexico, where he is on a binge and tells him she is done taking care of him. when molly runs into dorothy wayne (ruby keeler) a friend who is a dancer, she begs dorothy to form a team with al, because she can get al a job if he has a partner. at first molly is reluctant but finally agreed. it takes some work to convince al, but he eventually agrees to form a team with dorothy. they become a big success in chicago. dorothy falls in love with al and thinking that he does not return her affection decides to quit the act. al asks her to stay, telling her that he plans to open his own nightclub on broadway. molly introduces al to duke hutchinson (barton maclane) a gangster who is willing to back the club as a showcase for his wife, luana bell (helen morgan) a torch singer who wants to make a comeback. al flirts with luana, dorothy warns him about his involvement with luana, but al continues his flirtation with her. duke gives al an additional $30,000 to open the club, but before opening night, al uses the money to post bond for molly, who has been arrested on suspicion of murder. when al turns down a proposal from luana, she angrily tells duke the club will not open on schedule, and he sends gunmen to kill al. at the last minute, molly is cleared of the murder and the necessary money is returned, with the show opening on time and to great applause. duke tries to call off his gunmen, but luana does not give them the message. al finally realizes that he is in love with dorothy and asks her to dinner. as they step out the door, dorothy sees the gunmen and throws her body in front of al. she is wounded and as al holds her, he tells dorothy that he loves her. the doctor proclaims that dorothy will be fine and al's club is a huge success.
corpus document896
gold diggers of 1935
in the resort of lake waxapahachie, the swanky wentworth plaza is where the rich all congregate, and where the tips flow like wine. handsome dick curtis (dick powell) is working his way through medical school as a desk clerk, and when rich, penny-pinching mrs. prentiss (alice brady) offers to pay him to escort her daughter ann (gloria stuart) for the summer, dick can't say no – even his fiancee, arline davis (dorothy dare) thinks he should do it. mrs. prentiss wants ann to marry eccentric middle-aged millionaire t. mosley thorpe (hugh herbert), who's a world-renowned expert on snuffboxes, but ann has other ideas. meanwhile her brother, humbolt (frank mchugh) has a weakness for a pretty face: he's been married and bought out of trouble by his mother several times. every summer, mrs. prentiss produces a charity show for the "milk fund", and this year she hires the flamboyant and conniving russian dance director nicolai nicoleff (adolphe menjou) to direct the show. the parsimonious mrs. prentiss wants to spend the least amount possible, but nicoleff and his set designer schultz (joseph cawthorn) want to be as extravagant as they can, so they can rake off more money for themselves, and for the hotel manager (grant mitchell) and the hotel stenographer betty hawes (glenda farrell), who's blackmailing the hapless snuffbox fancier thorpe. of course, dick and ann fall in love, humbolt marries arline, and the show ends up costing mrs. prentiss an arm and a leg, but in the end she realizes that having a doctor in the family will save money in the long run.
corpus document897
the good fairy
luisa ginglebusher (margaret sullavan) is a young, naive orphan who is given a job as an usherette in a budapest movie palace. detlaff (reginald owen), a waiter she meets in the theatre, takes her to an exclusive party where, to hold off the advances of konrad (frank morgan), a meat-packing millionaire a little too fond of drink, she picks a name from the phone book to be her "husband", hoping to do a good deed and divert some of konrad's wealth to someone else. when the lucky man, stuffy but poor dr. max sporum (herbert marshall), gets a 5-year employment contract and a big bonus from konrad, he thinks the millionaire is interested in him because of his ethical behavior, diligent hard work and integrity, but actually konrad plans to send the "husband" to south america so that he will be free to seduce the girl. many complications ensue when lu gets curious about sporum, and pays him a visit.[2][3][4]
corpus document898
grand exit
the front page of a brochure depicts a globe with ribbons stating "interoceanic fire insurance co." and, underneath, "estd. 1872" and, still below, "offices in all principal cities". turning to page 6., one sees a photograph of a building described above as "excelsior paper company" and below as "insured by interoceanic fire insurance co." as a blazing inferno collapses the building in the photo, a policeman moves away the onlookers and one of them (edmund lowe) takes a few steps aside to find a woman (ann sothern), standing on a pile of crates, observing the fire. as he looks up at her, she says, "i wonder how it started". he responds by providing a bantering discourse on "two hundred and two ways of starting a fire", illustrating it by striking a match on his teeth. he then offers her a cigarette, then invites her for a beer ("nice cold beer is very nice after a hot fire"), then "some food" and, finally, "a little stroll through the park". she refuses all offers ("you seem to think i was born yesterday"), gets into a car and drives away, while the building collapses and a hand is seen putting an "x" across its photo on the ledger page. at a meeting of interoceanic board of directors, the chairman (unbilled russell hicks) announces to the eight other members, "six big fires in as many weeks representing a total loss to this company of one million, eight hundred and seventy-two thousand, nine hundred and sixty-one dollars", while apple-chewing member digby (unbilled raymond brown) adds, from the back of the room, "and ninety-four cents". the chairman turns to an investigator in the room, mr. grayson (onslow stevens) and demands results. grayson explains that the fires appear to be the work of an arsonist ("one of our advertising booklets was mailed back to us anonymously") who draws an "x" across each business which he or she sets ablaze. the next is indicated as "acme fur company" and the cut-out letters "when?". one of the board members (unbilled edward van sloan) exclaims, "arson! arson! every time you investigators get up a tree, you cry firebug". to which the apple-chewing digby responds, "better get tom fletcher back, boys". as the members discuss details, grayson describes it as "the biggest campaign of crime ever aimed at a fire insurance company" and digby chimes in, "well, that's some kind of a record — better get tom fletcher back, boys — he's the best insurance investigator in the country". another member (unbilled john ince) seconds it, "digby's right — fletcher's record in arson cases is unbeatable". the general manager, mr. french (unbilled sam flint) objects, "and so are some of his other records...", but is overruled. fletcher, the man in the opening scene, is at a bar, sharing drinks with three young women. when one reaches for a drink, he objects, "ah, ah, ah, teacher spank — you know my rules — sobriety test before every drink". the first one, marie (unbilled patricia farley) fails "she sells seashells by the she sore". the next one, nancy (unbilled geneva mitchell) also fails with "peter potter picked a peck of peckled pippers", as grayson approaches to propose business. fletcher tells him "i'm in conference" and gives a chance to the third girl, sally (unbilled dorothy dehn), to prove her sobriety. she succeeds with "six sleek and supple salmon slept on a platter for supper". grayson tells him that interoceanic wants him back, but fletcher replies that they can "go jump in a lake" adding that "they gave me a raw deal". grayson convinces him by saying that the board is ready to "eat the well known humble pie". at that point, the two girls who failed start reciting their tongue twisters over each other. fletcher leaves, giving the tab to grayson, at company expense. arriving at the meeting, fletcher sits in the director's chair and demands an office with a well-stocked refrigerator, a secretary ("not too young, not too old"), a car and a chauffeur ("any kind of a car will do, as long as it's a rolls-royce"), a doubling of his old salary, plus a bonus of a hundred thousand dollars for catching the pyromaniac. after he leaves, the board member portrayed by edward van sloan says, "a plain case of blackmail. i wouldn't want to be quoted, but i bet he started those fires just to get his job back." as grayson, having been replaced by fletcher, starts to pack, fletcher calls mr. french to tell him that he wants grayson as a co-investigator. as french voices his objections, fletcher hangs up. a showgirl-type secretary (unbilled iris adrian) enters and announces that "mr. french said i was to do your secretarial work". "good old french", replies fletcher, dictating a letter and sending grayson to dismiss all the security people working on the endangered businesses, so that he can replace them with his own trusted people. acme fur company, as expected, goes up in flames. on their way there, fletcher and grayson pass a car and fletcher orders his driver to "cut across that car". inside is the same woman fletcher met at the excelsior fire. she explains that she was not running away from the fire, but simply going to get a better look. getting into fletcher and grayson's car, she rides with them to the fire. upon arriving, fletcher leaves to investigate, while the woman introduces herself to grayson as adrienne martin. fletcher asks his man tony, the organ grinder with a monkey (unbilled monte carter) who walks over to identify the man seen leaving the building. questioned by fletcher, the man identifies himself as mr. crane (unbilled barlowe borland), the owner. meanwhile, upon being repeatedly asked by adrienne about fletcher, grayson tells her that "when the honorable tommy passes into the great beyond, half the girls in town will be out shopping for mourning outfits". returning, fletcher takes grayson and adrienne for drinks to his fancy apartment replete with japanese valet noah (miki morita). she tells him that "the young lady's twenty-four, she's lived in france for the past five years and she's on orphan with no mother to guide her". when they toss a coin to decide who would take her home, she peeks at the coin and chooses fletcher. she and fletcher go to a bar and have a conversation about arson. he tells her, "oh, you can't find out anything about a fire while it's blazing. it's like a love affair." she says, "you mean you never really understand it while it's flaming?" and he replies, "it just happens… and later on…" she continues, "when it dies down…" and he finishes, "you find the reason for it… in the ashes."[3] searching for clues in the smoldering ruins of acme fur, fletcher runs into an old adversary, fire chief mulligan (robert middlemass) and sees adrienne who tells him that she wants to be a fireman. he puts a fireman's hat on her head and administers a mock swearing-in oath. he shows her a burned-up phone which, he tells her, he collects at every fire. he brings it to his office and runs into his new blonde secretary (unbilled carol tevis), with an opposite personality to the previous showgirl type. "what happened to the old one", he asks. "oh, she got transferred to another apartment", the new one explains and, in the course of their conversation, tells fletcher that she does not like strawberries. "do they give you a rash?", he inquires. "mister fletcher", she replies, "after all, you ain't my doctor". at the board meeting, in front of the disbelieving fire chief, he starts a explosive fire to demonstrate that the blazes were started by a man posing as a telephone repairman who rigged a chemical device attached to a company phone which was ready to burst into flame at the sound of a ring. later, grayson and adrienne are sitting in a restaurant as he recounts fletcher's demonstration and adrienne complements his cleverness. she then goes to pay a representative (unbilled ralph mccullough) for a newspaper's personal column, to place an ad with the words, "f. – please don't use phone any more. – a". at night, a shadowy figure is subsequently seen opening a building's skylight, pouring liquid down, and resealing the opening. the next morning fletcher tells noah that a young lady is coming for breakfast and noah is unable to tell him that she's already arrived, "oh, tried to very hard, sir, but you talk too fast". fletcher and adrienne have a bantering conversation about wedding bells, because, as he puts it, "it's high time". just then, ringing is heard and she says, "there go your wedding bells now". the ticker tape machine prints out news of a fire and fletcher's driver takes him and adrienne to the scene. approaching one of his contacts, apple seller molly (unbilled daisy belmore), he inquires as to details. cockney-accented molly tells him that the previous day, "an odd duck" in a long overcoat came and went. sifting through the smoldering wreckage, fletcher uncovers a curious piece of glass which, a specialist (unbilled edward earle) tells him, was the "thinnest magnifying lens ever made". its inventor, fred maxwell and his wife, "a very fine chemist" ran the maxwell glass company until it went out of business. returning to his office, he examines the glass and is confronted by another new secretary, miss appleby (unbilled nora cecil), a severe middle-aged type with a disapproving outlook, who tells him that "mister french is planning to give you a new secretary every three or four days". when asked about opening a bottle of wine, she tells him, "i disapprove of the use of stimulants in any manner…", with fletcher completing in unison with her, "shape or form" and then tells her to take a letter to french, "esteemed sir, in the future, please don't reach so far down into the bottom of the barrel". when miss appleby asks, "will that be all?", he replies, "i'm optimistic enough to hope that it will be all". fletcher explains to the board how the new fire was started by a magnifying glass in the skylight and mentions maxwell, with the board recollecting that they put maxwell out of business by refusing his request for a loan. when fletcher mentions to grayson that someone must have warned the arsonist causing him to change his method, grayson admits that he mentioned it to adrienne. fletcher tells him, "john, when your mouth's closed, you can't put your foot in it, remember that." charles the bellboy (unbilled mickey bennett) brings adrienne the paper which has the personal ad, "a -- the story continues on page nine. -- f." she looks at the brochure of insured businesses at "9." to see "metropolitan leather company". as fire engines race to a false alarm, a one-legged watchman (unbilled earle d. bunn), one of fletcher's men, tells him that he'll be on the lookout. as fletcher comes out, another of his men, a blind pencil seller, tells him that the alarm was turned in by a woman and "i got her license number". "are you sure it was a woman?", asks fletcher. "d'ya think i'm blind?", replies the blind man. going to adrienne's garage, fletcher compares her license plate and confirms it to have the same number. he goes to her apartment and, after some bantering conversation, asks if she used her car. when she says no, he reminds her about their date tonight and goes home.[4] as fletcher is dressing for the dinner date, grayson arrives with results of his investigation which indicate that maxwell had a million dollar life insurance policy with interoceanic, but the company refused to pay his daughter adeline after maxwell jumped off the dock seven years ago, because, fletcher interjects, there was no "corpus delicti". on a moment's decision, he gives grayson two tickets to the music box for the date with adrienne and asks him to "tell her i'm busy — something sudden". "are you drunk?", asks grayson. "not yet", replies fletcher. as grayson picks up adrienne at her hotel to go to the theater, fletcher watches them and then tricks the porter (unbilled joseph de stefani) into opening the door to adrienne's room. searching her suitcase, he finds a passport with her photograph under the name "adeline maxwell", father's name "fred j. maxwell", mother's name "frances maxwell". as he finds further proof in a copy of the originally-seen interoceanic brochure and secret communication with her father through personal ads, fire engine alarms are heard from the street. as fletcher arrives on the scene, sam the one-legged watchman is being carried out on a stretcher and can barely manage to say "hello, boss" to him. a hand is seen drawing an "x" across the brochure's photo of "metropolitan leather company". fletcher returns home and tells noah to bring a drink, "no, i changed my mind, several drinks". when adrienne and john arrive at fletcher's apartment, he is drunk and pleads with her to tell him the truth. when she is unable, he opens the bedroom door to reveal that district attorney cope (selmer jackson) and police chief roberts (guy usher) are waiting to arrest her. grayson defends her, but fletcher tells him that the pyromaniac is maxwell's widow, frances, who has decided to avenge her husband by setting the fires. the next day, however, grayson comes in and tells fletcher that mrs. maxwell "died eight months ago — she's dead — she died before the first fire was ever started — she was buried in france where they lived". he then tells fletcher "you framed that girl" and continues, "you'd crucify your best friend to solve a case". as grayson walks out, fletcher calls travis detective agency "to shadow john grayson". the following morning, fletcher goes to cope's office and tells him that he framed adrienne and that she "knows nothing about it". cope refuses and replies that "everybody knows you're stuck on this girl", but she's being held in the psychopathic ward until the trial. fletcher has an expert (unbilled george mckay) show him the psycho ward layout, then goes out wearing an incongruous outfit and says to officer mulcahy (unbilled dell henderson), "can you tell me where i can find a policeman?" and continues, "a woman without an umbrella… across the street… there she was… fifth avenue… streetcar… john pulled a gun… and shot the baby… no ambulance around when he arrived…" and when mulcahy asks, "what do you mean?", continues, "why, you dumb flatfoot, woman without an umbrella… johnson troy shooting fast… forty-fifth street… cooled off fast… pulled out a gun, hit the pillow, shot the baby, no ambulance around when the elephant got there…", then punches mulcahy, causing himself to be committed into the man's psycho ward which adjoins the women's ward where adrienne is held under the watchful eye of a matron (unbilled betty farrington). intending to free her, adrienne's father (unbilled harold howard) also has himself committed under the name "john harmon" and, during yard exercise period, starts a fire in the ward's paint shop. as the blaze rages, fletcher chases him to the roof where maxwell slips and falls to his death. blackened with soot, fletcher is treated for burns on his arms, as da cope and chief roberts explain that maxwell confessed before dying. grayson also arrives and everyone offers explanatory details.[5] some time later, in fletcher's apartment, adrienne, accompanied by grayson, asks fletcher where "you're going on this extended vacation".[6] fletcher says "rome" to confirm that it was nero "who set fire to rome — so i'm going to poke around in the ashes". he wishes john and adrienne well and makes his "grand exit". as the elevator door closes, adrienne says, "down please" and it opens again. she tells him that she is going to rome because "i have a theory of my own". he asks, "do you think you'll find it… in the ashes?" and she answers, "i think i will".[7]
corpus document899
grand old girl
laura bayles has been a devoted educator for 38 years. over that time she has risen to become the principal of avondale high school. when a local petty gambler, "click" dade, begins to prey on her students, she takes a leading position in an attempt to force the gambling location to close down. dade had been one of her former pupils. her efforts are opposed by two local politicians, holland and joseph killaine. holland is a small time political boss, while killaine is the superintendent of schools. so bayles decides to fight fire with fire. with a stake of $250, and a pair of dade's own loaded dice, she wins enough money to open a club to compete with dade's, taking away his business. however, after an incident in which killaine's daughter, gerry, causes a fight at bayles' club, causing the club's closure. killaine then presses his advantage, demanding that bayles also resign as principal, which will make her ineligible for a pension, being two years short of retirement. upon hearing of her fate, gerry goes to bayles to apologize for her actions, and their end result. an apology which bayles accepts. meanwhile, dade has contacted another one of bayles' former pupils, gavin gordon, who has risen to become president of the united states. gordon is on a tour of the country and is in the area of his old hometown. after dade also apologizes to bayles, the president arrives at the school and delivers a sentimental speech extolling the virtues of the education profession, motherhood, and mrs. bayles. her job is saved.
corpus document900
the great impersonation
before the first world war, sir everard dominey, a drunken upper-class englishman, encounters an old acquaintance the sinister german arms dealer baron leopold von ragostein in africa. the two men are identical, and von ragostein plans to kill his doppelganger and take his place in british high society where he will be able to further his arms business and spy on britain for the german empire. he arranges the murder with his various associates. when "dominey" returns to london shortly afterwards, he encounters the german aristocrat stephanie elderstrom who is certain she recognises him as her former lover, von ragostein. von ragostein's associates attempt to buy her off but she remains convinced something untoward is going on. when he reaches donimey hall, dominey's wife is equally certain that it is her genuine husband returning from africa at long-last. gradually, doubts begin to emerge whether it is the real dominey who has come home.
corpus document901
hands across the table
brought up in poverty, hotel manicurist regi allen wants to marry a rich husband. her new client, wheelchair-using hotel guest allen macklyn is immediately attracted to her and becomes her confidant. despite his obvious wealth, regi does not view him as a potential husband, and has no qualms about telling him about her goal in life. exiting his penthouse suite, she encounters a man playing hop-scotch in the hallway, and declines his invitation to join him. he makes an appointment for a manicure as theodore drew iii, scion of a socially prominent family. unaware that the drews were bankrupted by the great depression, she accepts his invitation to dinner. they have a good time, but ted drinks too much and tells regi that he is engaged to vivian snowden, heiress to a pineapple fortune. when regi is unable to wake him from his drunken slumber, she lets him sleep on her sofa. he explains to her that he was supposed to sail to bermuda last night (a trip paid for by his future father-in-law) and that he has nowhere to stay and no money. regi reluctantly lets him live in her apartment until his boat returns from bermuda, at which time he can return to sponging off of vivian. ted and regi confess to each other that they intend to marry for money. ted and regi play fun pranks on each other. in the first one, ted frightens away regi's date by pretending to be her abusive husband. later, in order to convince vivian that he is in bermuda, ted persuades regi to telephone vivian while posing as a bermuda telephone operator. when regi repeatedly interrupts in a nasally voice, ted hangs up to avoid laughing in his fiancee's hearing. however, this backfires, as vivian discovers that the call came from new york when she tries to reconnect. she hires private investigators to find out what is going on. in the course of their stay together, ted and regi fall in love. on their last night before the boat returns, they admit their mutual love, but regi ends the relationship, insisting that ted would resent having given up his chance to be wealthy if he were to marry her. early the next morning, ted leaves without saying goodbye. vivian has a nasty confrontation with regi at the hotel. after regi leaves and ted shows up, vivian makes it clear that she knows what happened, but is still willing to go through with the marriage. ted, however, asks to be released from their engagement. meanwhile, regi goes to her regular appointment in allen's suite, but breaks down in tears. allen had intended to propose to her, but he secretly puts away his engagement ring after she confesses she has fallen in love despite herself. when ted finds her there, she agrees to marry him. on a bus, regi and ted discuss what they should do first: eat lunch, get married, or find a job for ted. they toss a coin to decide; ted jokingly says he will get a job if it lands on its side. sure enough, it does when it gets wedged in a manhole cover.
corpus document902
harmony lane
the life and loves of composer stephen foster, from his early success through his decline, degradation, and death from (assumed) alcoholism.
corpus document903
the healer
dr. holden (ralph bellamy) is "the healer" (the original title) in this 1930s morally uplifting pot-boiler. he is a doctor that has come home to a warm springs to try to heal children from the unnamed crippling disease (polio). he runs a destitute camp for these children, assisted by evelyn allen (karen morley) who looks upon the doc as a great man. jimmy (mickey rooney) is a paraplegic kid whom the doc promises to cure. this little triangle is interrupted by a rich girl joan bradshaw (judith allen) who cons the good doc into building a sanitorium for the wealthy with her father's money. doc is momentarily swayed, but comes to his senses just as a forest fire threatens his original cabins around the warm spring. his treatment of jimmy pays off as jimmy rides a bicycle to save the day. doc realizes that his true love is evelyn, not the self-interested joan.
corpus document904
hold 'em yale
a racketeer known as "sunshine joe" specializes in ticket scalping. his gang of colorfully nicknamed thugs includes liverlips, sam the gonoph and bennie south street, as well as "georgie the chaser," who was dubbed that way because of his penchant for chasing after women. on a train, georgie happens upon clarice van cleve, an heiress who loves to fall in love, particularly with men in uniform. this has created many a headache for her father, who already has seen clarice elope three times with military types, each tryst ending badly. mr. van cleve diverts his daughter to a new jersey health resort, where he introduces her to his friend mr. wilmot and handsome son hector, in the hope that clarice and hector will hit it off. georgie the gigolo still has clarice's eye, however, pretending to be a combat pilot. but when clarice turns up and begins acting like a homemaker, driving him crazy, georgie, learning she's been disinherited by her dad, leaves by claiming he's needed by "the king" to fly a mission. sunshine joe runs off with money earned from scalped tickets to the harvard-yale college football game. it so happens hector is a member of the yale team, so all of joe's goons go to new haven, connecticut for the game and place bets. shocked to find hector is a benchwarmer, they pull a gun on the coach, demanding hector be permitted to play. he kicks a field goal to win the game, then ends up, a man in another kind of uniform, in the arms of clarice.
corpus document905
honeymoon limited
a publisher bets an author that he won't be able to write a romantic adventure novel while on a walking trip from new york to san francisco.
corpus document906
hop-along cassidy
a ranch foreman tries to start a range war by playing two cattlemen against each other whilst helping a gang rustle their cattle. each of the cattlemen blames the other for stealing their cattle. hop-along cassidy, played by william boyd, having been shot in an earlier gunfight, (which results in his trademark hop), uses an altered cowhide brand to discover the real rustlers. the cattlemen join forces with hop-along to bring the rustlers to justice.
corpus document907
hot tip
belle mcgill is unaware of husband jimmy's gambling problem. first he loses $100 at the racetrack and vows never to place another wager. then he persuades future son-in-law ben to bet on a sure thing, leadpipe, but gets a tip on another horse just before the race, bets ben's money on that instead, then watches leadpipe win. in danger of losing his business, if not his family, jimmy delays paying off ben, who excitedly believes his horse was the winner. unbenknowst to all, belle has been making bets of her own. when a horse called honey girl comes along, belle and jimmy risk everything they have, and they come out winners.
corpus document908
i dream too much
annette monard street (lily pons) is an aspiring singer, who falls in love with and marries jonathan street (henry fonda), a struggling young composer. jonathan pushes her into a singing career, and she soon becomes a star. meanwhile, jonathan is unable to sell his music, and he finds himself jealous of his wife's success. concerned about their relationship, annette uses her influence to get jonathan's work turned into a musical comedy. once she achieves this, she then retires from public life in order to raise a family.
corpus document909
i found stella parish
in london, stella parish (kay francis) has her greatest stage triumph in a play produced and directed by stephen norman (paul lukas). however, her happiness is short-lived. she finds a man from her past in her dressing room. determined not to submit to blackmail, she books passage back to america on an ocean liner, traveling in disguise with her young daughter gloria (sybil jason) and her best friend and confidante nana (jessie ralph). hotshot newspaper reporter keith lockridge (ian hunter) tracks them down and befriends the trio on the sea voyage. stella hopes to lose herself among the teeming millions of new york city, but keith "accidentally" runs into them and renews their acquaintance. as weeks pass, stella falls in love with him. meanwhile, keith investigates and finds out that stella had been an actress. when her alcoholic, jealous husband found her innocently meeting her co-star in his apartment, he shot and killed the man. then, he maliciously implicated her in the crime. their daughter was born in prison. when stella was released, she set about to bury her past for gloria's sake. finally, stella tells keith that she loves him and recounts her entire history. however, keith had already wired the story to his editor a few hours before. his frantic efforts to suppress the article are too late; his newspaper has already published it. when stella is besieged by reporters, she decides to milk the situation for money she needs to take care of her child. she sends gloria and nana away, out of the public eye. then, she works with a promoter to make well-paid appearances to take advantage of the scandal. eventually, the public tires of her and she is reduced to working in vaudeville. at keith's secret insistence, stephen norman offers her the starring role in his play, which he had shut down after its one performance. she is reluctant to return to london, but cannot refuse the money. public reaction is at first hostile, but keith works hard writing articles to sway public opinion. on opening night, stella refuses to go on, dreading her reception, but keith shows up backstage and points out at least two in the audience who believe in her, gloria and nana.
corpus document910
i live my life
kay bentley (joan crawford), a bored socialite seeks a more fulfilling life and goes on a greek holiday. while on vacation, kay falls for terry o'neill (brian aherne), an archaeologist who challenges kay's beliefs, yet, also falls for her enough to follow her home. he feels awkward in kay's flighty, social circles, yet they become engaged to marry. as kay and terry continue to quarrel over their differing lifestyles. kay and terry reach a compromise and do marry in the end.
corpus document911
if you could only cook
jim buchanan (marshall), wealthy president of buchanan motor company, is engaged to evelyn fletcher (inescort), a henpecking aristocrat who is interested in jim for his money. when jim's fellow executives reject his plan to introduce a new automobile design, he decides to take a vacation. declaring himself "sick and tired of everything", jim goes for a walk in the park, where he meets a young woman named joan hawthorne (arthur). joan is having trouble finding a job and has just been evicted from her apartment. assuming he is also a job hunter, she asks jim to pose as her husband so they can apply for a combined job opening for a butler and a cook. without revealing his true identity, he agrees. "mr. and mrs. burns" are soon hired by michael rossini (carrillo). she is a good cook; he improves his skills by sneaking away at night and taking lessons from his own butler. he also goes to his office and takes some of his automobile sketches to show to joan. impressed by his designs, on their day off she shows them to an executive with one of buchanan's competitors, but he recognizes buchanan's style, leading to her arrest for theft. having fallen in love with jim, she refuses to help the police find him. meanwhile, jim has decided to tell joan who he is. when she misses a lunch date while in jail, he writes her a letter, abandons his butler position, and returns to evelyn and his life as a businessman. rossini, who has just organized a bootlegging gang, learns of jim's trip to the office from his assistant, flash (stander), who is suspicious of jim and has been tailing him. wanting joan for himself, he has her bailed out and tells her the truth about jim. she reacts by raging against jim, so rossini promptly orders his henchmen to kill jim at his wedding. to ingratiate himself with joan, he tells her about this, but she declares that she loves jim after all and begs rossini to spare his life. rossini's men abduct jim from his own wedding as he is about to take his vows, but rossini arrives before they leave. he and his men take jim home at gunpoint and fetch a justice of the peace to marry jim and joan. joan refuses and locks herself in her room, but jim embraces the plan. since rossini's men were seen kidnapping him, he blackmails the gang into persuading her to change her mind. outside joan's room, rossini pretends to argue with jim, flash fires his gun in the air, and jim collapses onto the floor, pretending to be hit. the deception works: joan opens the door and rushes to his side.
corpus document912
in caliente
lawrence (pat o'brien), critic and full-time boozer comes to the cabaret in caliente in mexico, to distance from clara (glenda farrell), a woman who wishes to marry him. lawrence falls in love with the beautiful mexican dancer rita gómez (dolores del río), forgetting that he once wrote a scathing review of her.
corpus document913
the informer
in dublin in 1922, gypo nolan (victor mclaglen) has been kicked out of the outlaw irish republican army (ira) for not executing a black and tan who killed an ira man. he becomes angry when he sees his streetwalker girlfriend katie madden (margot grahame) trying to pick up a customer. after he throws the man into the street, katie laments that she does not have £10 for passage to america to start afresh. gypo later runs into his friend and ira comrade frankie mcphillip (wallace ford), a fugitive with a £20 bounty on his head. frankie, tired of hiding for six months, is on his way home to visit his mother (una o'connor) and sister mary (heather angel) under cover of the foggy night. the slow-witted gypo decides to turn informer for the £20 reward, enough for passage to america for the both of them. the black and tans find frankie at his house, and frankie is killed in the ensuing gunfight. the british contemptuously give gypo his blood money and let him go. gypo subsequently buys a bottle of whiskey and tells katie that he obtained money by beating up an american sailor. he goes to frankie's wake, and acts suspiciously when coins fall out of his pocket. the men there tell him that they do not suspect gypo of informing, but he then meets with several of his former ira comrades, who wonder who informed on frankie. gypo claims it was a man named mulligan (donald meek). though gypo is drunk and talking nonsense, the others begin to suspect him but do not have enough evidence as yet. gypo leaves and gives out £1 notes to a blind man (d'arcy corrigan) and some bar patrons, but people wonder why he had such a sudden influx of cash. meanwhile, mary tells the ira that the only person frankie talked to that day was gypo, and the men decide to hold an inquest into the death. gypo goes to an upper-class party to look for katie, but gets drunk and buys rounds of drinks. gypo is then taken away by his former ira comrades when they figure out it was he. he is taken to a kangaroo court, where mulligan is questioned and is accused once again by gypo. however, the comrades do not believe gypo, and give him a detailed accounting of where he spent his entire £20 reward. gypo then confesses to ratting out frankie. gypo is locked up, but before he can be executed he escapes through a hole in the ceiling. he runs to katie's apartment, where he tells her that he informed on frankie. katie goes to see the commissioner who presided over the trial, dan gallagher (preston foster), to beg him to leave gypo alone. the rigid gallagher says he cannot do anything, and gypo might turn in the entire organization to the police if he is allowed to live. however, other ira members, having overheard katie, go to her apartment and shoot gypo, much to katie's horror as she hears the shots. gypo wanders into a church where frankie's mother is praying and begs forgiveness as he confesses to her. she does forgive him, telling him that he did not know what he was doing, and the absolved gypo dies content on the floor of the church after calling out to frankie with joy.
corpus document914
the irish in us
in manhattan's lower east side, police officer pat o'hara (pat o'brien) wants his boxing promoter brother danny (james cagney) to acquire a more dependable job in order to support their mother after pat marries his girlfriend lucille jackson (olivia de havilland). when lucille meets charismatic danny, she promptly falls for him, which complicates matters.
corpus document915
kind lady
wealthy and charitable mary herries (aline macmahon) is tricked by aspiring artist henry abbott (basil rathbone) into letting him and ill wife ada (justine chase) stay in her stately home. when he invites friends mr. and mrs. edwards (dudley digges and eily malyon) to pay a visit, they overstay their welcome as well. days turn into weeks, making mary and housemaid rose (nola luxford) increasingly anxious for everyone to leave. it turns out to be a plot masterminded by the silky and sinister abbott to steal everything mary owns. he masquerades as a relative and they as her butler and maid, holding mary and rose captive in their rooms. outsiders are told that mary has gone on holiday to america and won't return for a long time. the plot thickens as rose is killed. the suspicions of mary's business adviser, foster (donald meek), are confirmed when no record of mary applying for a passport can be found. the police arrive just in time to save her and place abbott under arrest.
corpus document916
ladies crave excitement
don phelan, the ace newsreel reporter, falls in love with wilma howell, the daughter of the owner of another newsreel company that is a bitter rival of the one don works for. the rivalry, with cameramen jostling each other out of the way, acts of sabotage, and reporters fighting to get the 'scoop', does not bode well for the romance.
corpus document917
the lady in scarlet
in new york city, dr. phillip boyer admires an antique clock at the premises of antique dealer albert j. sayre, who has apparently missed his appointment with him. sayre is however, present and covertly watching boyer. deciding to buy and with mrs. sayre present, boyer arranges with salesman arthur pennyward for the clock to be delivered that afternoon "about 4.30 or a little after." when boyer departs, sayre accuses his wife of a romantic interest in him and obliquely threatens her. sayre telephones his attorney jerome t. shelby who dismisses his suspicions about mrs. sayre and the "4.30 or a little after" being a coded signal for an illicit rendezvous, and asks him to bring his latest will to his office for signing. about 5.30pm, mrs. sayre meets dr. boyer at a restaurant. also present at the restaurant are private investigator oliver keith and his "girl friday" ella carey. when boyer departs, mrs. sayre approaches keith, asking for his help in finding out why a man has been watching the sayre house and the reason for her husband's strange behavior. to reassure her, keith escorts her home and together they find an unlocked front door, salesman pennyward absent, and the dead body of sayre in his office. soon after, pennyward returns. he states that he left the premises about 4pm, delivering the clock to dr. boyer's home about 5.30 and setting the time correctly to 5.35. police are called and establish time of death at "about 5 o'clock." mrs. sayre says she went to her hairdressing salon at around 4pm. questioning is interrupted by the arrival of dr. boyer who is returning the clock because it's not the one he ordered. questioning is again interrupted by the arrival of sayre's daughter alice who accuses mrs. sayre, her stepmother, of being in love with dr. boyer and murdering her father for inheritance money. dr. boyer strongly denies any romantic interest in mrs. sayre. fingerprints provide a lead to rival antique dealer f.w. dyker but he cannot be found. questioning reveals that pennyward and alice married the previous day and when they told her father he fired pennyward and told them he would disinherit her, a strong motive for murdering him before any change in the will. boyer's alibi of being at his medical practice till 5.30 is found to be false as he left about 3.30. dyker, pennyward and alice, boyer, and mrs. sayre are now all under suspicion. dyker turns up at keith's office in response to a fake art collection ad designed to lure him there, and is arrested by inspector trainey. in questioning, pennyward reveals to keith that sayre ran a profitable enterprise selling fake antiques through dyker, but they argued over payments. mrs. sayre admits that neither she nor boyer has told the entire truth as they were at the restaurant not long after the time of the murder, but their relationship was platonic. she genuinely loved her husband but he was a very difficult man. the family assembles for the reading of the will by attorney shelby. the estate is shared equally between sayre's wife and daughter, as sayre was murdered before signing the new will. strangely, $100,000 in bonds which alice knows should be hers upon marriage are not mentioned in the will. shelby suggests the bonds may be in sayre's personal effects in the safe but when it's opened by mrs. sayre, who alone knows the combination, the cash box is found to be empty. alice accuses her of theft. arriving at boyer's medical premises to interview him, keith, ella, and inspector trainey are told his whereabouts are not known. in a side room they discover the man who's been seen watching the sayre home. named quigley, he's been doped with truth serum. recovering, he reveals he was paid by sayre to follow mrs. sayre and that she and boyer were together much earlier on the afternoon of the murder than they had admitted. later that evening, dr. boyer is found murdered in his car. keith makes use of a planned meeting between pennyward and his wife and attorney shelby to hold a meeting of his own, with mrs. sayre, dyker, quigley, inspector trainey, and ella also present. he disposes of each suspect's motive and alibi. quigley is found to have not only followed mrs. sayre on behalf of sayre but falsely led him to believe that she was being unfaithful, and then blackmailed him over it. several of the missing bonds are found in pennyward's satchel and are identified by shelby as exactly the same type as the missing bonds, despite his remark on the day of the reading of the will that he knew nothing of their type or denomination. caught in a lie, shelby is accused by keith of murdering sayre when he visited sayre's home for the signing of the will, taking the $100,000 of bonds from the open safe, and planting some on pennyward to implicate him. shelby pulls a gun and fires it but is overpowered, with the bullet expected to provide ballistics evidence that he killed boyer too. quigley is arrested for blackmailing both sayre and boyer, which had led boyer to dope him and find out that while watching the sayre house, quigley had spotted shelby entering and probably killing sayre. boyer had then confronted shelby, but was killed by him. quigley had been too afraid to mention any of this as he was guilty of blackmail and feared shelby would kill him too. alice and her stepmother reconcile, pennyward and alice go off on their honeymoon, dyker goes free but with his reputation even more tarnished.
corpus document918
the last days of pompeii
in the time of jesus christ, blacksmith marcus (preston foster) is content with his life, beautiful wife julia (gloria shea) and six-month-old son. however, when julia and their child are run down by a chariot in the streets of pompeii, marcus spends the little money he has to pay for a doctor and medicine. needing more, in desperation, he becomes a gladiator. he wins his fight, but in vain; his wife and child die. blaming his poverty, he becomes an embittered professional gladiator and grows wealthier with each victory. in one match, he kills his opponent, only to discover he has orphaned a young boy named flavius (david holt). full of remorse, he adopts the boy and purchases a slave, leaster (wyrley birch), to tutor him. however, the added responsibility makes him too cautious in the arena, and he is defeated and injured. the injury ends his second career. when cleon (william v. mong), a slave dealer, offers him a job, marcus is at first contemptuous, but eventually takes it. he raids an african village for slaves, where a father battles marcus' raiders until his young son's life is threatened and he is forced to surrender. marcus identifies with the father's grief at being unable to protect his son. he stops slaving and turns to trading instead. one day, marcus rescues a fortune teller, who foretells that flavius will be saved by the greatest man in judea. marcus and flavius travel to jerusalem to see the man that marcus thinks fits that description: pontius pilate (basil rathbone), the roman governor. at an inn along the way, a man tells him that the greatest man is staying in the stable (similar to the one in which he was born), but marcus does not believe him. on learning that marcus was once a great gladiator, pilate employs him secretly to lead a band of cutthroats to raid the chief of the ammonites, who has been causing him problems. marcus comes away with many fine horses and much treasure, but when he goes to see his son, he finds that flavius has been thrown from a horse and is near death. with no doctors around, marcus desperately takes the boy to a noted healer and begs for his help. the healer is jesus, who saves flavius's life. when marcus later reports back to pilate with his share of the treasure, pilate has sentenced christ to death. the remorseful (as depicted in this film) pilate is disheartened with guilt over his condemnation of an innocent man. marcus leaves the city quickly, but as his party is departing, one of the apostles recognizes him and begs him to rescue jesus, carrying his cross through the streets, but marcus refuses. as marcus and flavius leave jerusalem, they see three crosses on calvary behind them. years pass. marcus has grown wealthy as the head of the arena in pompeii. flavius (played as an adult by john wood) is now a young man. flavious is haunted by the memory of the man who healed him, though his recollections are so vague that his father easily dismisses them as nonsense. one day, marcus welcomes pontius pilate as a guest to his lavish home. when flavius mentions his early childhood memories of a man speaking about love and compassion, marcus assures him, as he has always insisted, that there was no such person. pilate answers, "don't lie to him, marcus. there was such a man." flavius asks, "what happened to him?", and the still-remorseful pilate answers, "i crucified him." it is then that the memory of the three "crosses on the hill" comes flooding back to flavius. unbeknownst to marcus, flavius has been secretly helping slaves escape from certain death in his father's arena. however, he is arrested with a group of the runaways and sentenced to die. when he discovers what has happened, marcus tries to free flavius, but in vain. flavius is herded into the arena with the others, but as the fighting begins, mount vesuvius erupts. as marcus wanders stunned through the streets with the panic-stricken populace, he sees the jailer who refused to release flavius trying to free his own son from the rubble. the dying man begs marcus for mercy for his son. marcus angrily refuses, but then remembers begging jesus for mercy for flavius and rescues the boy. marcus sees his faithful servant burbix (alan hale) leading a group of slaves carrying his treasure on litters. he orders them to use the litters to rescue the injured instead. as they get to a ship, marcus sees that one of those saved is flavius and offers a prayer of thanksgiving. the prefect and his men try to get through a gate to take the ship for themselves. marcus holds the gate shut, giving the boat enough time to get away at the cost of his life. he has a vision of christ reaching out to him just before he dies.
corpus document919
the last outpost
in kurdistan during world war i, michael andrews (cary grant) is a british officer captured by kurds, imprisoned, and awaiting execution. the local turkish commander (claude raines) helps andrews escape and confides that he is a british intelligence officer (initially "smith," later named as john stevenson) in disguise. the two set out to warn friendly villagers of a pending kurdish attack. after a difficult river crossing, and after andrews flirts with a married tribal woman, stevenson returns to espionage. andrews, who has hurt his leg, goes to cairo for medical treatment. there, andrews falls in love with his nurse, rosemary haydon (gertrude michael), who ultimately refuses andrews by saying she's secretly married to an unnamed man she'd known briefly a few years before. andrews transfers to the sudan, where his patrol takes over a fort after finding that its troops had been massacred. meanwhile stevenson goes back to haydon—revealed as his wife—who confesses her love for andrews. stevenson requests a transfer to the sudan to confront andrews. shortly after stevenson reaches the fort, thousands of african tribesman attack it. realizing that a handful of men can't hold the fort, andrews, stevenson, and their troops set out over sand dunes and eventually enter the jungle with the tribesmen in hot pursuit. british troops appear out of nowhere, deus ex machina, defeat the tribesmen, and rescue andrews. stevenson, mortally wounded in the battle, dies a hero's death, presumably leaving andrews free to marry widow haydon.
corpus document920
let 'em have it
an fbi agent tracks down a gang leader.
corpus document921
life returns
a doctor who is convinced that the dead can be brought back to life gets the chance to prove his theory on a dog that has recently died.
corpus document922
little big shot
mortimer thompson (edward everett horton) and steve craig (robert armstrong) are a pair of sidewalk confidence men working broadway one step ahead of the police selling phony watches. broke, they arrange to have dinner with gibbs, an old friend, thinking he will help them with some money. gibbs and his young daughter gloria (sybil jason) don't have much money, either, and think that steve and mortimer can help them. on top of needing money, gibbs is in hiding from notorious gangster kell norton. after steve, mortimer, gibbs and gloria finish their dinner, gibbs is shot and killed by norton's men as the group leaves the restaurant. steve and mortimer hurry to leave before they too get shot, hastily leaving gibbs' daughter gloria behind. steve reminds mortimer that they forgot about gloria. despite mortimer's protestations, steve convinces him to go back for the girl. gloria stays with steve and mortimer for a night at their place. gloria takes mortimer's bed, so mortimer has to sleep in the bathroom. steve tries to put gloria in an orphanage but feels bad when she begins to cry. steve and mortimer try to care for gloria with the help of jean (glenda farrell), a hat check girl at their residential hotel. steve and mortimer find out that gloria can sing and dance, so they get her to perform on the street with them. gloria also helps them sell their fake watches until jean finds out. jean expresses her displeasure, but steve and mortimer continue using gloria. jean has gloria put in an orphanage because steve and mortimer aren't responsible enough to take care of her. steve wins a craps game with small-time hoodlum jack doré (jack la rue) to raise money, but doré refuses to pay off the gambling debt and steve threatens to get him. later norton kills doré and passes steve as he is arriving to ask doré for his winnings again so he can adopt gloria. steve becomes the suspect for the crime. norton realizes steve is a witness against him and tries to find him to shut him up. to force steve out of hiding, he kidnaps gloria. steve convinces the gangsters to let gloria go and take him instead. just as norton's gang is about to kill steve, the police (tipped off by mortimer and jean) arrive at the hideout. his name cleared, steve marries jean and they adopt gloria. steve, jean, gloria, and mortimer move from the city and open a roadside café.
corpus document923
the little colonel
shortly after the american civil war, southern belle elizabeth lloyd (evelyn venable) marries a northerner, jack sherman (john lodge). her father colonel lloyd (lionel barrymore) disowns her in anger and retaliation. elizabeth and jack move west where they become parents of a girl they name lloyd sherman (shirley temple). six years later, lloyd sherman is made an honorary colonel in the army. elizabeth returns to the south with little lloyd and settles in a cottage near colonel lloyd’s mansion while her husband jack remains in the west prospecting for gold. when colonel lloyd discovers his daughter living in the neighborhood, he treats her with disdain. little lloyd learns of her parents’ past from housekeeper mom beck (hattie mcdaniel), and, when she meets her grandfather for the first time, throws mud at him. the two eventually become contentious friends. elizabeth’s husband returns from the west with a fever. he has lost everything in his prospecting venture, but the family is saved from complete ruin when the union pacific railroad requests right of way across jack’s western property. jack's former prospecting partners have heard of the railroad’s offer and try to swindle jack. they resort to holding the sherman couple hostage until the deed to their valuable property is located. little lloyd runs through dark woods for her grandfather but he refuses to help. he changes his mind when little lloyd says she never wants to see him again. they arrive at the cottage just in time to save elizabeth and jack. the film ends with a brief technicolor sequence featuring a 'pink party' for little lloyd, her friends, and her reconciled family.
corpus document924
the littlest rebel
the film opens in the ballroom of the cary plantation on virgie’s (shirley temple) sixth birthday. a family slave, uncle billy (bill robinson), dances for her party guests, but the celebration is brought abruptly to an end when a messenger arrives with news of the assault on fort sumter and a declaration of war. virgie’s father (john boles) is ordered to the armory with horse and side-arms. he becomes a scout for the confederate army, crossing enemy lines to gather information. on these expeditions, he sometimes briefly visits his family at their plantation behind union lines. one day, colonel morrison (jack holt), a union officer, arrives at the cary plantation looking for virgie‘s father. virgie defies him, hitting him with a pebble from her slingshot and singing “dixie”. after morrison leaves, cary arrives to visit his family but quickly departs when slaves warn of approaching union troops. led by the brutal sgt. dudley (guinn williams), the union troops begin to loot the house. colonel morrison returns, puts an end to the plundering, and orders dudley lashed. with this act, morrison rises in virgie’s esteem. one stormy night, battle rages near the plantation. virgie and her mother are forced to flee with uncle billy when their house is burned to the ground. mrs. cary (karen morley) falls gravely ill but finds refuge in a slave cabin. her husband crosses enemy lines to be with his wife during her last moments. after his wife’s death, cary makes plans to take virgie to his sister in richmond. when colonel morrison learns of the plan, he aids cary by providing him with a yankee uniform and a pass. the plan is foiled, and cary and morrison are sentenced to death. the two are confined to a makeshift prison where virgie and uncle billy visit them daily. a kindly union officer urges uncle billy to appeal to president lincoln for a pardon. short on funds, uncle billy and virgie sing and dance in public spaces and ‘pass the cap’. once in washington, they are ushered into lincoln’s (frank mcglynn sr.) office where the president pardons cary and morrison after hearing virgie’s story. the film ends with virgie happily singing “polly wolly doodle” to her father, colonel morrison and a group of soldiers.
corpus document925
the lives of a bengal lancer
on the northwest frontier of india during the british raj, scottish canadian lieutenant alan mcgregor (gary cooper), in charge of newcomers, welcomes two replacements to the 41st bengal lancers: lieutenant john forsythe (franchot tone) and lieutenant donald stone (richard cromwell), the son of the unit's commander, colonel tom stone (guy standing). lieutenant stone, a "cub" (meaning a newly commissioned officer), volunteered to serve on the indian frontier in the belief that his father specifically sent for him; while lieutenant forsythe, an experienced cavalrymen and something of a teasing character, was sent out as a replacement for an officer who was killed in action. after their formal introduction, lieutenant stone realizes his father did not sent for him during a heated argument, a discovery that breaks his heart. in attempt to show impartiality, the colonel treats his son very properly. the colonel's military behavior and adherence to protocol is misinterpreted by young stone, who resents such treatment from the father he has not seen since he was a boy. lieutenant barrett, (colin tapley) disguised as a native rebel in order to spy on mohammed khan (douglass dumbrille), reports that khan is preparing an uprising against the british. he plans to intercept and hijack a military convoy transporting two million rounds of ammunition. when khan discovers that colonel stone knows of his plan, he orders tania volkanskaya, a beautiful russian agent, to seduce and kidnap lieutenant stone in an attempt to extract classified information about the ammunition caravan from him. when the colonel refuses to attempt his son's rescue, mcgregor and forsythe, appalled by the "lack of concern" the colonel has for his own son, leave the camp at night without orders. disguised as native merchants trying to sell blankets, they successfully get inside mohammed khan's fortress. however, they are recognized by tania, who met the two men before at a civil event. mcgregor and forsythe are taken prisoner. during a seemingly friendly interrogation, khan says "we have ways of making men talk," and has the prisoners tortured. their nails are ripped off and the sensitive skin underneath burned with bamboo slivers. when mcgregor and forsythe, despite the agonizing pain, refuse to speak, stone cracks and reveals what he knows to end their torture. as a result, the ammunition convoy is captured. after receiving news of the stolen ammunition, colonel stone takes the 41st to battle mohammed khan. from their cell, the captives see the overmatched bengal lancers deploy to assault khan's fortress. they manage to escape and blow up the ammunition tower, young stone redeeming himself by killing khan with a dagger. with their ammunition gone, their leader dead, and their fortress in ruins as a result of the battle, the remaining rebels surrender. however, mcgregor, who was principally responsible for the destruction of the ammunition tower, was killed when the tower exploded. in recognition of their bravery and valor in battle, lieutenants forsythe and stone are awarded the distinguished service order. the late lieutnant mcgregor posthumously receives the victoria cross great britain's highest award for military valor, with colonel stone pinning the medal to the saddle cloth of mcgregor's horse, as was the custom in the 41st lancers.
corpus document926
living on velvet
one day, terry parker, an airplane pilot is in a plane crash that kills his family. he feels guilty for their death and feels like he should have died in the crash as well. terry continues to get into trouble until his friend, walter pritcham, known as gibraltar for his steady nature, brings him to a party. terry meets the beautiful amy prentiss and they both fall in love. terry realizes that amy is gibraltar's girl and tries to leave amy, but gibraltar reunites the couple wanting amy to be happy. amy and terry get married and gibraltar gives them a house in the country on long island. terry is unemployed for some time until he get the idea to fly commuters into new york. however, amy believes that terry will not act responsibly and leaves him. gibraltar tries to get amy to go back to terry, but she refuses. terry is in a car crash and amy and gibraltar rush to see him. terry and amy realize that they do love each other and vow never leave each other ever again.[1]
corpus document927
love in bloom
colonel downey, a carnival owner, goes bankrupt and lands in jail. his daughter gracie downey decides to travel to new york city to find her sister violet and ask for financial aid. george goes along with gracie, and together they find vi dining with songwriter larry deane, unaware that both vi and larry don't have a dollar left between them. vi and larry each get a job in pop heinrich's music store, where she turns out to be good at sales by singing songs to customers with larry's accompaniment. vi is able to get her belongings back from the apartment where she was locked out, but gives what's left of her money to gracie, then decides to go to work for the carnival. larry then decides to use his earnings to become one of the carnival's new owners.
corpus document928
mad love
actress yvonne orlac (frances drake) rests after her final performance at the 'théâtre des horreurs' (styled after the grand guignol) in paris, france. as she listens to her husband stephen orlac (colin clive) play the piano on the radio, she is greeted by dr. gogol (peter lorre), who has seen every show featuring yvonne, and unaware of her marriage, is aghast to learn that she is moving to england with her husband. gogol leaves the theater heartbroken, buys the wax figure of yvonne's character, refers to it as galatea (from the greek myth), and arranges that it be delivered to his home the following day. stephen orlac is on a train journey from fontainebleau to paris, where he sees murderer rollo the knife thrower (edward brophy), who is on the way to his execution by guillotine. (gogol later witnesses the execution, along with the american reporter reagan (ted healy)). orlac's train crashes later that night, and yvonne finds her husband with mutilated hands. she takes stephen to gogol in an attempt to reconstruct his hands, and gogol agrees to do so. gogol uses rollo's hands for the transplant, and the operation is a success. the orlac couple are forced to sell many of their possessions to pay for the surgery, while stephen finds he is unable to play the piano with his new hands. when a creditor comes to claim the orlacs' piano, stephen throws a fountain pen that barely misses his head. stephen seeks help from his stepfather, henry orlac (ian wolfe). henry denies the request, upset that stephen did not follow in his line of business as a jeweler. a knife thrown in anger by stephen misses henry, but breaks the shop front's window. gogol meanwhile asks yvonne for her love, but she refuses. stephen goes to gogol's home and demands to know about his hands, and why they throw knives. gogol suggests that stephen's problem comes from childhood trauma, but later confirms to his assistant dr. wong (keye luke) that stephen's hands had been rollo's. gogol then suggests to yvonne that she get away from stephen, as the shock has affected his mind and she may be in danger. she angrily rejects gogol, whose obsession grows. henry orlac is murdered, and stephen receives a note that promises that he will learn the truth about his hands if he goes to a specific address that night. there, a man with metallic hands and dark glasses claims to be rollo, brought back to life by gogol. rollo explains that stephen's hands were his, and that stephen used them to murder henry. he also claims that gogol transplanted his (rollo's) head on to a new body...flashing a leather-and-metal neck brace as "proof!" stephen returns to yvonne and explains that his hands are those of rollo, and that he must turn himself in to the police. a panic-stricken yvonne goes to gogol's home, and finds him completely mad (after he has come home and shed his elaborate disguise). gogol assumes that his statue has come to life, embraces her, and begins to strangle her. reagan, stephen and the police arrive, but are only able to open the observation window. stephen produces a knife and throws it at gogol, then finds his way in. gogol dies as stephen and yvonne embrace.
corpus document929
magnificent obsession
the life of spoiled robert merrick (robert taylor) is saved through the use of a hospital's only pulmotor, but because the medical device cannot be in two places at once, it results in the death of dr. hudson, a selfless, brilliant surgeon and generous philanthropist. merrick falls in love with hudson's widow, helen (irene dunne), though she holds him responsible for her husband's demise. one day, he insists on driving her home, and makes a pass at her. she gets out, and is struck by another car, losing her sight. merrick confronts a friend of helen's husband, wanting to know why a beautiful young woman would marry a middle-aged man. the doctor's friend tells him that her husband had a philosophy - to help people, but never let it be known that you are the one helping them. only then, he believed, could there be true reward in life. merrick watches over helen, and visits her during her recuperation, concealing his identity and calling himself dr. robert. his true identity is known to helen's sister-in-law, joyce (betty furness), who keeps it a secret. when he finds out that she is nearly penniless, merrick secretly pays for specialists to try to restore her vision. finally, she travels to paris, and is told that her eyesight is gone forever. robert follows her, confesses his true identity, and proposes marriage. she forgives him, but goes away, not wanting to be a burden to him. years later, robert has become a brain surgeon. he learns that helen urgently needs an operation, which he performs. when she awakens, her sight has miraculously returned.
corpus document930
make a million
professor reginald q. jones (charles starrett), associate professor for social economics at pelton university (founded 1912 a.d.), has a very clear picture of how in the united states economic inequality should be changed: scene in class, professor talks: «young man, the only thing that is wrong with the money today in this country, is that the wrong people have it. fortunes are amassed by an incompute millionaires in the attempt to set aristocracy and wealth, instead of achievement. does this answer your question?» student answers: «yes sir.» picture shows into the class: a female student with a pencil and notebook. she is writing, while the professor talks. then the camera shows what she has written and you see it's a caricature of the professor, with the words: professor jones full of importance. he gets $25 a week and he knows all about money. professor continues: «oh, and while we are on the subject of an incompute millionaires, it might be well to consider my plan on limiting the antics of their offspring by establishing a 90% inheritance tax.» the drawing student in the first row laughs loudly. the professor says to her: «evidently miss corning (pauline brooks) you don‘t agree with my idea.» she answers: «i certainly do not» then he invites her to show him what she has written. reluctantly she shows him her drawing. then he asks her what she thinks about the matter. she then says: «there is nothing wrong with the money, it‘s the people. if they weren‘t lazy they would go out and find a job.» he: does this idea originate from you or your father? she: my fathere thinks the same as me. he: maybe that‘s wrong with the banking business. irene corning tells her father, the rich banker, who complaints with the university director, and as the university is partly financed by this same banker, professor reginald q. jones is called to explain. he sticks to his theories and so the university board decides he is dismissed from classes until he can prove that his theories are applicable in real life. he then finds himself without money in the campus, with a homeless man, pete (james burke (actor)), asking him for a dollar. he tells pete he gave him the day before a dollar. when pete answers he got it two days before a policeman arrives and wants to arrest pete. when professor jones hears that the street beggars have to be removed from the streets on the order of mr. moxey, he pretends that pete is a friend of his and protects him. he tells the policeman he was going to borrow two dollars from pete. he so comes to his first two dollar. as pete wants back his two bucks note professor jones answers he is out of the job and needs himself the money. as he had given to pete before it was right to get back some of it. so he proposes to be taught panhandling. pete shows him some tricks, as the 'civil war act', the system he and his fellow beggars have all over town. jones goes with pete, staying at a little room for rent called fritz. pete and his fellow beggars have a meeting with him trying to find out how to make him work in their racket. but they agree he has not the personality and no talent for it. so he is asked what he is good at. theory of finance, history of banking, surplus and distribution. the men in the meeting are quite surprised. one says: too bad. you college men present a very great problem! when he gets a visit for an interview from the world improvement league, those same people through their questions give him the big idea: he will ask the people to make him a public millionaire to show his ideas, through public subscription of 1 dollar each. larkey a pr-scoundrel (george e. stone) likes jones' idea as he sees how much money he can make. his first move is to go to rich moxey (newspaper owner), who starts a wide newspaper campaign against professor jones. so the first step of publicity is made out of nearly nothing and the public already splits in pro's and con's, sending a dollar each to professor jones. at first jones is furious with larkey. when he explains, that to get the first page he would have had to pay 5 million dollars and he got it for free, he realizes that it could turn in his favor. as he goes to see the banker mr. corning in presence of his former student, the daughter corning, only two days of his campaign, he is already in the position to deposit 25.000 $. the cornings are obviously astonished. he opened a safe deposit box and puts there the 25.000 $ in one dollar bills. the corning see another chance to break him by calling the postal authorities. meantime larkey has organized big banners and a whole campaign with the newspapers. when the authorities come to jones, he is fortunately able to say he is working as an organization: the world improvement league. and he has to say it is a responsible organization. so moxey and corning tell him that he has to appear with his board of directors friday morning. that he has to put the money in a trust fund until the outcome of the meeting. as jones tell pete and larkey that there is no world improvement league, that it was only a name he made up at university, pete doesn't capitulate and starts an intensive fast training with his fellow beggars to become a fine bunch of public-spirited citizens financiers until friday. pete resumes the receipt against depression: when the people have more doe, they have more doe to give away! at the meeting: one, the london delegate tries to steel cigars, the greek chancellor talks to a financier telling him about the disastrous food conditions in greek so that this one is willing to give the greek some money. and pete looking everywhere to control his men. as irene intrudes the meeting, the whole setup is revealed. the inspector gives jones 15 days to complete the fund, if not the money has to be redistributed to the public. jones has the chance to get into a radio transmission, supported by a toothpaste- enterprise: nervo, how much nerve you can have using nervo. he should have about 15 million people audience; so he and his fellows hope to be able to get the rest of the money. but corning doesn't pass the cheque about 1000,- $ nervo sends jones as advance for expense money to get the boys to chicago, because he wants to prevent jones to get his voice to an audience of 15 million people. his daughter irene at that point changes side: she tells her dad that what he does is illegal. corning asserts the public has to be protected from fools as jones is. he sends back the cheque to nervo. irene talks with jones, pete and larkey and she is able to convince jones to go with her car to chicago, while pete and the boys will arrange with the railroad. larkey reads them a telegram from nervo telling them, they are expected in chicago. a street chase starts, during which irene and "reggie" get closer. at night resting in the car she asks him what he will do, when he will have the million. he says he will distribute the surplus. on the question if it will change his life, he answers: the trouble in this country is the uncertainty of disposing of the surplus. the manufactures sold part of the goods to the profit. and if the remaining would be bought by the government at the cost of material and labour, there would be no failure. asked by jones to repeat what he said, irine answers: surplus women and no distribution! in chicago jones is able to talks some minutes to the radio audience thanks to pete making the show of his life as an epileptic to divert the police. finally jones is able to distribute the surplus, as the million is achieved: every citizen who gave one dollar is rewarded by a good worth 3,- $, and the manufacturers received cash pay off their obligations. so he demonstrated what could be done with his theories. larkey brings new letters from all over the country. people were so satisfied with the articles they got from the million fund, that they write jones to do it again. "bargain of the month club" is going to be the name of the enterprise, and to earn something irene suggested to take from each dollar 1 penny, that would make 10.000,-$ a month by 1 million. the men and pete are distributed all over the united states to run each a branch of the enterprise. and finally irene has made of professor jones a rich man, as her father. and herself, just a wife!
corpus document931
man of iron
steel mill foreman chris bennett is pleased when he is chosen to be the new boss of harrison balding's entire business over ed tanahill, who is the owner's cousin. tanahill and secretary vida conspire to sabotage chris's progress at the mill reputation with the men. the hard-working and popular chris now neglects the mill and incurs the wrath of his workers while wife bessie rues the absence of their old friends. he finally comes to his senses and returns to his old position as foreman before it's too late.
corpus document932
man on the flying trapeze
ambrose wolfinger works as a "memory expert" for a manufacturing company's president; he keeps files of details about all the people president malloy (oscar apfel) meets with, so that malloy will never be embarrassed about not remembering things when meeting with them. ambrose supports himself, his shrewish wife leona (kathleen howard), his loving daughter hope (from a previous marriage; played by mary brian), his freeloading brother-in-law claude (grady sutton), and his abusive mother-in-law cordelia (vera lewis). at the start of the film, two burglars, played by tammany young and walter brennan, break into ambrose's cellar late at night, get drunk on his homemade applejack, and start singing "on the banks of the wabash, far away"; ambrose is forced to handle the situation, and he winds up being arrested for distilling liquor without a license. this is done on the order of the night court judge hearing the case. he forgets about dealing with the burglars. while on the way to the night court ambrose talks about the wrestling match scheduled for that day and demonstrates an "unbreakable" hold on the neighborhood watch policeman who arrested the burglars. the policeman throws him into the street. when he asks ambrose if he hurt him, ambrose asks him how someone could be hurt by being dropped on his head. the next day, ambrose falsely tells malloy that cordelia had died from drinking poisoned liquor, and asks for the afternoon off to attend the funeral; in fact, he wants to go to see the big wrestling match. malloy, touched by ambrose's tale, lets him go for the day, and ambrose's immediate supervisor, mr. peabody (lucien littlefield), tells all the other employees the tragic news so they can pay their respects to the family. in fact, ambrose does not explicitly say that his mother-in-law died from poisoned liquor. rather, when his employer asks him how she died, he begins to improvise a story. he says she was taken with a "chill" and that he poured her a drink. then malloy interrupts him and, assuming it was the liquor that killed her, says excitedly that he has read in the paper recently of many instances of people dying from poisoned liquor. ambrose is too timid to contradict him. throughout that day, ambrose has one problem after another: he has encounters with ticket-writing policemen and cars that are parked too close to his; he finds himself chasing a tire along railroad tracks and narrowly avoids getting hit by an electric interurban car; and while trying to get into the wrestling arena (claude had stolen his ticket earlier), he gets knocked down by a wrestler who is thrown out of the building by his opponent. later that day, ambrose comes home to find that cordelia and leona are furious about seeing cordelia's obituary in the newspaper and receiving a huge amount of flowers, sympathy cards, and funeral wreaths. claude sees ambrose sprawled on the sidewalk after he is knocked over by a wrestler. ambrose's secretary, who had been in the wrestling match audience (she said her mother is a friend of the contender, a turk named hookalaka meshobbab) is bent over him expressing her concern over his injury. when claude returns home ahead of ambrose, he falsely tell his mother and his sister that he saw ambrose and the secretary "drunk in the gutter". furthermore, peabody calls to say that ambrose is fired because of his deception. ambrose, who has been meek and mild through the entire film, finally has had enough, and in a rare moment of overt violence for fields' characters, knocks claude unconscious, and frightens his wife and mother-in-law into hiding. the angry ambrose wants to beat them also ("i'll knock 'em for a row of lib-labs"), but soon he and his daughter leave the house to go live elsewhere. later, malloy demands that peabody rehire ambrose because no one else can figure out wolfinger's filing system; hope answers the telephone, and says (falsely) that ambrose has a better offer from another company. after some bargaining, ambrose is rehired with a huge raise in pay and four weeks' vacation. meanwhile, leona realizes that she still loves ambrose, scolds claude for his laziness, and stands up to her disagreeable mother. the film ends with ambrose taking the family for a ride in his new car. hope and leona ride inside the car with him, while claude and cordelia ride in the rumble seat during a heavy rain.
corpus document933
the man who broke the bank at monte carlo
in monte carlo, paul gaillard, an impoverished russian exiled aristocrat, has a fabulous run of luck, breaking the bank at the baccarat table. his winnings, ten million francs, are so vast he needs a suitcase (which he brought with him) to carry away the banknotes. the management desperately tries to entice him to stay, strewing various signs of good luck (four-leaf clovers, a horseshoe, even a hunchback) in his path, to no avail. even worse from their viewpoint, paul is quoted in the newspapers advising people to stay away from monte carlo. on the train, paul encounters the beautiful helen berkeley when they share a table in the dining car. he overhears her and her male companion talking about switzerland. in paris, he goes to the cafe russe, where he shares the money with the staff. they scrimped and saved for ten years to build up their initial stake. the next day, paul and his servant ivan take the train to interlaken, switzerland. by chance, helen is mistakenly placed in paul's compartment. he takes the opportunity to try to charm her, but is rebuffed. he is delighted, however, to learn that the man with her is her brother bertrand. paul pursues her with great persistence, and it finally pays off. they spend time together. then helen confides that she is unhappy because she is going to marry a 63-year-old for money, not for herself, but for her brother, who needs 5 million francs. paul offers her nearly 4 million, his share of the winnings. she does not accept, but asks him to spend a week with her in monte carlo. he agrees. it turns out she is a back street music hall performer who was hired to lure him back, but she cannot go through with it, having fallen in love with him. too ashamed to face paul again, she secretly departs for paris. when he discovers she has vanished, he makes a bargain with her brother: he will get the money bertrand supposedly needs desperately in return for his sister's location. bertrand lies and tells him that she went to monte carlo. helen runs into bertrand at the train station and learns what he has done. she rushes to monte carlo. paul returns to the baccarat table. when helen enters the club to try to stop him, she is intercepted by the management and kept a virtual prisoner. paul loses nearly all his money, but then his luck changes and he goes on another winning streak and he is on the verge of breaking the bank again. however, he loses everything on the very last bet. when paul leaves, he sees helen and bertrand emerge from the manager's office; he congratulates them. he returns to work driving a taxi. by chance, he takes a fare to a nightclub where helen is performing. he dons his black tie and tails and goes inside. he dances one dance with helen and pretends to still be fairly well off, before driving away. helen chases after him in another taxi, finally catching up with him at the cafe russe. when she discovers he is the driver, not a passenger, she is ecstatic. now that he is poor, she can tell him that she loves him. they embrace. then he takes her inside the closed cafe russe, where he and the staff, russian nobility like him, are privately celebrating the late czar nicholas ii's birthday in a grand manner.
corpus document934
mark of the vampire
sir karell borotyn (holmes herbert) is found murdered in his house, with two tiny pinpoint wounds on his neck. the attending doctor, dr. doskil (donald meek), and sir karell's friend baron otto (jean hersholt) are convinced that he was killed by a vampire. they suspect count mora (bela lugosi) and his daughter luna (carroll borland), while the prague police inspector (lionel atwill) refuses to believe them. borotyn's daughter irena (elizabeth allan) is the count’s next target. professor zelen (lionel barrymore), an expert on vampires and the occult, arrives in order to prevent her death. after irena is menaced by the vampires on several occasions, zelen, baron otto, and her fiance, fedor (henry wadsworth) descend into the ruined parts of the castle to hunt the undead villains. when zelen and baron otto find themselves alone, however, zelen hypnotizes the baron and asks him to relive the night of the sir borotyn's murder. it is then revealed that the "vampires" are actually hired actors, and the entire experience has been an elaborate charade concocted by zelen in the hopes of tricking the real murderer --baron otto-- into confessing to the crime. acknowledging that the charade has failed to produce its intended results, zelen, along with irena and another actor who strongly resembles borotyn, compels the hypnotized baron into re-enacting the murder, effectively proving his guilt. during the re-enactment, otto reveals his true motive: he wished to marry irena, but her father would not allow it. he also reveals how he staged the murder to resemble a vampire attack. with baron otto arrested, irena explains the plot to fedor, who was not involved in the subterfuge and believed the vampires were real. the film ends with the actors who played the vampires packing up their supplies, and "count mora" exclaiming, "this vampire business, it has given me a great idea for a new act! luna, in the new act, i will be the vampire! did you watch me? i gave all of me! i was greater than any real vampire!" which is met with general lack of enthusiasm by his fellow thespians.
corpus document935
the melody lingers on
a piano virtuoso has a child out of wedlock to her fiance, who is killed trying to save her life. their son is brought up by foster parents and becomes a musician.
corpus document936
melody trail
a radio and music star, gene autry (gene autry), and his friend, comedian frog millhouse (smiley burnette), attend a rodeo where gene falls in love with one of the spectators, millicent thomas (ann rutherford). millicent, who is being harassed by her father's former ranch hand, matt kirby (al bridge), is delighted when gene sings for the crowd, then later beats matt in a bucking bronco competition. that night, while gene dreams about millicent, his $1,000 in rodeo winnings are stolen by a gypsy named frantz (willy castello), the husband of a fortune-teller named perdita (marie quillan). the next day, while millicent goes into town with her father, rancher timothy thomas (wade boteler) with millicent's dog, souvenir (a compulsive thief), takes a detour into the gypsy camp. souvenir steals a basket containing frantz and perdita's baby daughter rica. millicent later discovers the infant and takes her in, not knowing who her parents are. frog and gene, who end up working as cooks on the thomas ranch, assume the baby is hers. going by the name of "arizona", gene captures two wild stallions to impress millicent and the cowgirls she has hired to replace matt and his men, who have defected. after souvenir steals gene's cookbook, his efforts in the kitchen are far less successful, and the meal that he and frog prepare for the cowgirls makes them all sick. meanwhile, matt plots to rustle the thomas' cattle. while the cowgirls bathe in a pond, matt steals their clothes in order to prevent them from protecting the herd. while searching for baby rica, frantz recovers her from millicent. believing him to be a kidnapper, gene pursues and captures the gypsy, who returns the money he stole from gene after explaining that rica is his daughter. later, gene sees matt and his men stealing the cattle and apprehends all eight of them, including matt, single-handedly. after gene saves the ranch, he and millicent, and frog and cuddles (one of the cowgirls), are married in a large, musical ceremony along with the other cowboys and girls. the wedding is interrupted, however, when everyone realizes that souvenir has stolen all their wedding rings.[2]
corpus document937
a midsummer night's dream
part one a beautiful young woman named hermia (olivia de havilland) is in love with lysander (dick powell) and wishes to marry him. her father egeus (grant mitchell), however, has instructed her to marry demetrius (ross alexander), whom he has chosen for her. when hermia refuses to obey, stating she is in love with lysander, her father invokes before duke theseus of athens (ian hunter) an ancient athenian law that states a daughter must marry the suitor chosen by her father, or else face death. theseus offers her another choice—to live a life of chastity as a nun and worship the goddess diana. meanwhile, peter quince (frank mchugh) and his fellow players gather to produce a stage play about the cruel death of pyramus and thisbe in honor of the duke and his upcoming marriage to hippolyta (verree teasdale). quince reads the names of characters and bestows them to the players. nick bottom (james cagney), who is playing the main role of pyramus, is overly-enthusiastic and suggests himself for the characters of thisbe, the lion, and pyramus at the same time. he would also prefer being a tyrant and recites some lines of ercles. quince ends the meeting instructing his players to meet at the duke's oak tree. in the forest outside athens, oberon (victor jory), the king of the fairies, and titania (anita louise) his queen, are having an argument. titania tells oberon that she plans to stay there to attend the wedding of duke theseus and hippolyta. oberon and titania are estranged because she refuses to give her indian changeling to oberon for use as his knight, since the child's mother was one of titania's worshippers. wanting to punish titania's disobedience, oberon instructs his mischievous court jester puck (mickey rooney) to retrieve a flower called "love-in-idleness". originally a white flower, it turns purple when struck by cupid's bow. when someone applies the magical love potion to a sleeping person's eyelids, it makes the victim fall in love with the first living creature seen upon awakening. oberon comes across a sleeping titania and applies the love potion to her eyes. he intends to make titania fall in love with the first creature she sees when waking up, which he is sure will be an animal of the forest. oberon's intent is to shame titania into giving up the little indian changeling. meanwhile, hermia and lysander have escaped to the same forest in hopes of eloping. demetrius, who is also in love with hermia, pursues them into the forest. he is followed by helena (jean muir), who is desperate to reclaim demetrius' love. helena continues to make advances towards demetrius, promising to love him more than hermia, but he rebuffs her with cruel insults. when oberon sees this, he orders puck to spread some of the love potion on the eyelids of demetrius. when puck later discovers the sleeping lysander, he mistakes him for demetrius—not having seen either before—and administers the love potion to the sleeping lysander. during the night, helena comes across the sleeping lysander and wakes him up while attempting to determine whether he is dead or asleep. when he lays eyes on her, lysander immediately falls in love with helena. meanwhile, the mischievous puck turns bottom into a donkey. when titania wakes up and lays eyes on bottom as a donkey, she falls in love with him. oberon finds the abandoned changeling and takes him away. part two when oberon sees demetrius still following hermia, he instructs puck to bring helena to him while he applies the love potion to the sleeping demetrius' eyes. upon waking up, demetrius sees helena, and now both lysander and demetrius are in love with helena, who is convinced that her two suitors are simply mocking her. when hermia encounters helena with her two suitors, she accuses helena of stealing lysander away from her. the four quarrel with each other until lysander and demetrius become so enraged that they seek a place to duel each other to prove whose love for helena is the greatest. oberon orders puck to keep lysander and demetrius from catching up with one another and to remove the charm from lysander. after puck applies the potion to the sleeping lysander's eyes, he returns to loving hermia, while demetrius continues to love helena. and titania is still in love with bottom the donkey. oberon leads all the fairies away with the changeling at his side. having achieved his goals, oberon releases titania from her spell and they leave together in love once again. following oberon's instructions, puck removes the donkey's head from bottom, and arranges everything so that hermia, lysander, demetrius, and helena all believe that they have been dreaming when they awaken. together they return from the forest to attend the wedding of duke theseus and hippolyta. when theseus sees hermia and her father egeus, and seeing that demetrius does not love hermia any more, theseus overrules egeus's demands and arranges a group wedding—hermia to marry lysander, and helena to marry demetrius. the lovers decide that the previous night's events must have been a dream. that night at the wedding, they all watch bottom and his fellow players perform pyramus and thisbe. unprepared as they are, the performers are so terrible playing their roles, the guests laugh as if it were meant to be a comedy. before the encore, the guests sneak away and retire to bed. afterwards, oberon, titania, puck, and the other fairies enter, and bless the house and its occupants with good fortune. after everyone leaves, puck suggests to the audience that what they just experienced might be nothing but a dream.
corpus document938
millions in the air
amateur performers on colonel edwards' popular radio show get a gong rung by the show's sponsor, soap mogul calvin keller, if they aren't any good. it doesn't surprise the audience when would-be opera singer tony pagano is judged a disappointment, but the act of eddie warren and marion keller wowed the crowd. everyone is stunned when they, too, get the gong. marion's fiancé gordon rogers dislikes her being a vaudeville entertainer. eddie, an ice cream vendor, wants to succeed with or without her, but he's jealous when he learns of marion's relationship with gordon and parts ways with her. he is also irked when his pal jimmy wins the radio contest along with his old dance partner, bubbles. during the next show, keller gets so many complaints from listeners and audience members that he insists colonel edwards reunite the team of eddie and marion that very night. it takes some doing, but ultimately the twosome steals the show.
corpus document939
miss pacific fleet
gloria fay (joan blondell) and mae o'brien (glenda farrell) are two former showgirls working in an amusement park. sailor kewpie wiggins (allen jenkins) is in love with gloria, when he wins all their prizes with his skill at tossing rings, he learns that gloria and mae are broke. kewpie suggests that gloria enters the miss pacific fleet contest to win the cash prize. kewpie then offers to enter a boxing match in order to win 5000 votes for gloria. he introduces gloria and mae to his friend sgt.tom foster (warren hull). tom and gloria fall in love. during the boxing match, kewpie is losing the match until he sees that gloria and tom are cuddling together in the audience. angered, he knocks out his opponent and decides to give his 5000 votes to another contestant virgie matthews (marie wilson). however, gloria is still slightly ahead in the contest. sadie freytag (minna gombell) who is married to august freytag, the creator of the beauty contest is jealous of gloria and decides to kidnap her, so the prize will go to someone else instead. when mae learns of her plans, she alerts kewpie, who spots the kidnappers putting a woman in a small boat. kewpie chases them to a ship where he frees the woman who ends up to be sadie. at the last minute, tom and gloria arrive at contest headquarters with enough votes for her to win the contest. gloria and mae now have enough money to return home to new york.
corpus document940
mississippi
commodore jackson (w. c. fields) is the captain of a mississippi showboat in the late nineteenth century. tom grayson (bing crosby) is engaged to be married and has been disgraced for refusing to fight a duel with major patterson (john miljan). accused of being a coward, grayson joins jackson's showboat. over the duration of the film, the behaviour of the meek and mild tom grayson alters as a consequence of the constant representation of him, by commodore jackson, as "the notorious colonel steele", "the singing killer", and the constant attribution, by jackson, of duelling victories by grayson to unrelated corpses freshly dragged from the river beside the showboat as "yet another victim of the notorious colonel steele, the singing killer". the film provides sufficient opportunities for crosby to sing the rodgers and hart songs, including the centerpiece number, "soon", while fields gets to tell some outlandish stories. crosby and fields worked well together and there is one memorable scene in which fields tries to tell crosby how to act tougher. in the film, crosby does a number of brilliantly engineered sight gags involving a chair and a bowie knife. another highlight is fields' remarkable story about his exploits among one notorious indian tribe.
corpus document941
mister dynamite
private detective t.n. thompson, nicknamed "dynamite" due to his initials, takes an interest when a man is murdered in san francisco leaving a casino. the dead man, d.h. matthews, had an argument outside the casino with jarl dvorjak, a celebrated pianist who was gambling while his aloof and money-mad wife charmian was away. dvorjak's acquaintance with mona lewis led him to the casino, which is owned by her father clark lewis and closed by the police after the killing. mona becomes a suspect, particularly after dvorjak's business manager carey williams is killed as well. when the pianist himself is shot while playing an organ, thompson puts everything together and reveals to all that matthews had actually been a son of dvorjak's from a previous marriage who was conspiring with charmian to gain his fortune.
corpus document942
murder by television
james houghland (mailes), inventor of a new method by which television signals can be instantaneously sent anywhere in the world, refuses to sell the process to television companies, who then send agents to acquire the invention any way they can. on the night of his initial broadcast houghland is mysteriously murdered in the middle of his demonstration and it falls to police chief nelson (mowbray) to determine who the murderer is from the many suspects present.
corpus document943
murder in harlem
an african-american man is framed of the murder of a white woman, but a white man is found to be responsible.[2][3]
corpus document944
murder in the fleet
captain john winslow (arthur byron) is notified by the secretary of the navy that his cruiser will be receiving a new firing control gear manufactured by world electric company, which is supposed to revolutionize naval warfare. the gear vanishes and is quickly located by intelligence officers where it is being transported across the mexican border. when the gear is returned to the ship the secrecy surrounding the events catches the notice of reporter walter drake (j. anthony hughes). lieutenant tom randolph (robert taylor) and captain winslow welcome visitors al duval (raymond hatton), who works for world electric company, and victor hanson (jean hersholt) from the navy department, aboard while the gear is installed. meanwhile, sailor spud burke (nat pendleton) gets caught between his sweetheart toots timmons (una merkel) and an old flame betty lansing (jean parker). when the new gear is being lifted into place a cable breaks and it is dropped, later this is found to be an act of sabotage. to add to the confusion, al duval is murdered during a gun salute. the investigation begins and suspicions are running high when a second murder takes place, this time it is the chief electrician. the captain devises a plot to trap the murderer and the trail soon leads to the powder magazine, where victor hanson threatens to blow up the ship. hanson claims that world electric company had stolen the idea and he wants revenge. ultimately hanson is captured and the gear is installed.
corpus document945
the murder man
steve grey (spencer tracy) is a hotshot new york newspaper reporter, specializing in murder. when a crooked businessman named halford is murdered, steve pins the blame on the dead man's associate, henry mander (harvey stephens), theorizing that halford was killed by a rifle from a shooting gallery across the street. mander is arrested, tried, convicted and sentenced to death. steve goes to visit his father, pop grey, who is depressed over his business being ruined. the hard-working, hard-drinking steve is urged by a woman who loves him, mary (virginia bruce), a gossip columnist, to take some time off. another newspaper colleague, shorty (james stewart), comes to find him, saying their editor wants steve to do an exclusive interview with condemned man mander in prison. he goes to sing sing to do so. out of guilt, however, steve shocks everyone by confessing to having committed the murder himself, as revenge for halford and mander having ruined his father. steve's last act is to tell his editor that he's got his biggest story ever.
corpus document946
murder on a honeymoon
on a short flight to catalina island off the california coast, a passenger named roswell t. forrest (brooks benedict) gets sick. hildegarde withers (edna may oliver) and the others aboard are startled when he is found dead upon landing. it appears to be murder to miss withers, but she has a tough time convincing local police chief britt (spencer charters) and coroner dr. o'rourke (arthur hoyt). when she contacts her friend, police inspector oscar piper (james gleason), for more information about the deceased, he recognizes the name: the man was a vital witness in a case against a crime syndicate and had a price on his head of $10,000. he flies from new york to assist her in investigating the case and protect her from mob retribution. when he arrives, the pair argue over which of the people aboard the plane is the killer: withers suspects poisoning – forrest had been given a drink, a cigarette, and even a dose of smelling salts by withers herself – but before this can be confirmed, the body is stolen. while piper questions those involved, withers discovers that mcarthur (morgan wallace), the gangster who had offered the reward for forrest's death, has registered at the hotel under the flimsy alias of arthur mack. when she eavesdrops on his telephone conversation, she learns that he will be leaving an envelope for someone. she purloins it from the mailbox and finds $10,000 inside. more murders occur. marvin deving is shot and killed just before he can reveal some information to piper. meanwhile, withers and piper learn that the first victim was not forrest, but his bodyguard tom kelsey. he and the real forrest (george meeker) had switched identities. after mcarthur confronts withers at gunpoint, trussing her up and putting her in the closet, from which she is rescued by piper, mcarthur is also found dead. although it is staged to look like a suicide, withers notices that the pistol in his hand is not his own. when an employee complains that the fish in the hotel pond are all dead, withers finds a pack of cigarettes discarded nearby; one of the cigarettes had fallen into the water, poisoning and killing the fish. with the murder weapon found, all the pieces come together. withers takes piper to see the grieving kay. she offers the widow a cigarette, then casually mentions where she got it. when kay refuses to smoke it, withers tells piper that mcarthur's gun must be in the room. kay pulls it out and tells them that she will have to kill them both now, but withers manages to distract her, enabling piper to disarm her. it turns out that the devings thought they had been doublecrossed by mcarthur when they did not receive their reward, unaware that withers had taken it. when marvin tried to betray mcarthur in return, he was killed by his employer, and kay then did in mcarthur.
corpus document947
music is magic
diane de valle (bebe daniels) is an aging theatre actress who can't deal with getting older. trying to hide it, she has to come to terms she is being replaced by a younger actress. she has to defeat the much younger peggy harper (alice faye) for a role of a young woman in an upcoming stage production.
corpus document948
mutiny on the bounty
one night in portsmouth, england in 1787, a press gang breaks into a local tavern and presses all of the men drinking there into naval service. one of the men inquires as to what ship they will sail on, and the press gang leader informs him that it is the hms bounty. upon inquiring as to who the captain is, another of the men is told the captain is william bligh (charles laughton), and attempts to escape, as bligh is a brutal tyrant who routinely administers harsh punishment to officers and crew alike who lack discipline, cause any infraction on board the ship, or in any manner defy his authority. the bounty leaves england several days later on a two-year voyage over the pacific ocean. fletcher christian (clark gable), the ship's lieutenant, is a formidable yet compassionate man who disapproves of bligh's treatment of the crew. roger byam (franchot tone) is an idealistic midshipman who is divided between his loyalty to bligh, owing to his family's naval tradition, and his friendship with christian. during the voyage, the enmity between christian and bligh grows after christian openly challenges bligh's unjust practices aboard the ship. when the ship arrives at the island of tahiti, where the crew acquires breadfruit plants to take to the west indies, as intended, bligh punishes christian by refusing to let him leave the ship during their stay. byam, meanwhile, sets up residency on the island, living with the island chief, hitihiti (william bambridge), and his daughter, tehani (movita castaneda), and compiling an english dictionary of the tahitian language. hitihiti persuades bligh to allow christian a day pass on the island. bligh agrees but quickly repeals the pass out of spite. christian disregards the order and spends his one-day off the ship romancing a tahitian girl, maimiti (mamo clark). christian promises her he will be back someday. after leaving tahiti the crew begins to talk of mutiny after bligh's harsh discipline leads to the death of the ship's beloved surgeon, mr. bacchus (dudley digges), and bligh cuts water rationing to the crew in favor of providing water for the breadfruit plants. christian, although initially opposing the idea, decides he can no longer tolerate bligh's brutality when he witnesses crew members shackled in iron chains, and he approves the mutiny. the crew raids the weapons cabinet and seizes the ship. bligh and his loyalists are cast into a boat and set adrift at sea with a map and rations to ensure their survival. due to bligh's steady leadership, they are able to find their way back to land. meanwhile, christian orders that bounty return to tahiti. byam, who was in his cabin during the mutiny, disapproves of what christian has done and decides the two can no longer be friends. months later, byam is married to tehani and christian has married maimiti and has a child with her, while the rest of the crew are enjoying their freedom on the island. after a long estrangement, byam and christian reconcile their friendship. however, when the british ship hms pandora is spotted approaching, byam and christian decide they must part ways. byam and several crew members remain on the island for the ship to take them back to england, while christian leads the remaining crew, his wife and several tahitian men and women back on board bounty in search of a new island on which to seek refuge. byam boards the pandora and, much to his surprise, discovers that bligh is the captain. bligh, who suspects that byam was complicit in the mutiny, has him imprisoned for the remainder of the journey across the sea. back in england byam is court-martialed and found guilty of mutiny. before the court condemns him, byam speaks of bligh's cruel, dehumanising conduct aboard bounty. due to the intervention of his friend sir joseph banks (henry stephenson) and lord hood (david torrence), byam is pardoned by king george iii and allowed to resume his naval career at sea. meanwhile, christian has found pitcairn, an uninhabited yet sustainable island that he believes will provide adequate refuge from the reach of the royal navy. after bounty crashes on the rocks, christian orders her to be burned.
corpus document949
the mystery man
a newspaper man, larry doyle and a young woman, anne olgivie, meet by chance in a coffeeshop. she hasn't got the money to pay, and he pays for her without being seen. in the telegraphic office, where she wants to send a wire to her mother asking to send her some money as she is broke, she is not permitted to send it, but he followed her and read the thrown away message. on the street waiting the light for the pedestrians to switch, it seems as if she throws herself under a car, but he make it look as if she embraces him wildly. from that point on they know each other how broke they are and he asks her to confide in him. they take a suite in a hotel, pretending to be on a honeymoon and trie to rise some money. some pals send him 50 dollars, that calm down the hotel manager at first. meantime doyle tries also to contact the newspaper in st. louis as he thinks to make a big story about the eel, a gangster, who puzzles the police. but there are difficulties in identifying doyle because his chief in chicago, mad at him, said he's not doyle. as he ran out of money again, doyle pawns a police revolver he was given after he helped the police solve a case. he gets 25 dollars. short after doyle and anne are involved in the shooting between the eel and others,and doyle sits in the car of the eel being ordered to drive away the money and to meet the next at five thirty. meantime the police has identified the gun used in the shooting,and although doyle had explained to the police and the district attorney how the shooting had taken place he is suspected of having committed the crime. finally larry and anne go to the pawnshop, where they pawned the revolver, and after a fight with the proprietor, the eel comes in. larry pretends to be the shopkeeper, but the eel knows him and pointing a gun he threatens larry. fortunaltely anne had a gun and is able to shoot just before the eal kills doyle. the case is solved, but all the newspapers write of mrs. doyle, and that worries larry. but the final scene is not worried at all, as an intense kiss answers to the problem.
corpus document950
mystery woman
top-secret documents being transported by french captain jacques benoit are stolen in constantinople, resulting in his arrest and sentencing to devil's island. determined to vindicate him, wife margaret learns that jacques had met wealthy dr. van wyke in transit. suspecting him, she books passage on an ocean liner to new york city under an assumed name and schemes to meet van wyke during the voyage. attracting romantic interest from passenger juan santanda as well as from van wyke, she finds the stolen documents and tries to hide them. santanda turns out to be a jewel thief. when she explains her true identity and purpose, he uses a blowtorch to open a safe and help her retrieve the documents, then sacrifices his own life when she is trapped, staying behind as he and van wyke kill one another. jacques benoit is released and presented the legion of honor medal.
corpus document951
naughty marietta
to avoid an arranged marriage to don carlos, an elderly spanish duke, princess marie masquerades as her uncle's former servant, marietta, and escapes from france on a ship with casquette girls who are traveling to new orleans to marry colonists. on board, marietta befriends julie. en route, the women discuss what type of man they want to marry. "marietta" shocks the other girls by stating that she does not intend to get married to anyone. shortly after, the ship is boarded by pirates, who kill the entire crew and take the girls ashore. after the pirates divide the loot, they turn their attention to the girls. just then, singing is heard ("tramp! tramp! tramp!"). the pirates extinguish their torches and fire to try to avoid detection, but marietta takes one of the torches and runs towards the sound of the singing, crying out "help, help". mercenaries rout the pirates and rescue the women. the mercenaries' leader, captain richard warrington, sings "neath a southern moon" to marietta. despite his attraction to her, however, warrington declares that he does not intend to get married. warrington and his men take the casquette girls to new orleans, where they are welcomed by the governor. the women are housed in the convent while they get to know their potential husbands. when some men approach marietta, she declares that she does not want to marry any of them. the governor feels that he has seen marietta before in paris, but she denies it. when she pretends to have a disreputable past, the governor orders a pair of soldiers to escort her away in disgrace. warrington relieves them of their duty and finds her a place to stay, even paying the first month's rent. though marietta tries to rid herself of warrington, he is undaunted. just then, a group of gypsies stroll by, advertising their marionette theater. the gypsy leader, rodolpho, has his daughter sing, and warrington joins in ("italian street song"). stung by warrington's remark that she might not be able to sing as well as the gypsy, marietta surprises him by doing so beautifully. while he is distracted getting rid of three would-be suitors, she slips away. the following day, warrington discovers that marietta is working at the marionette theater. when he visits her after the performance, marietta tells him that his presence is "most unwelcome". the captain asks her if he would be welcome "somewhere else"; marietta answers "yes". as she goes out for lunch, warrington joins her, noting that he is "somewhere else", and "here i am – welcome me". she is unable to suppress a smile, indicating she has changed her opinion of him. soon after, however, a large award is offered for information about her whereabouts. warrington persuades her to trust him, and takes her away by boat. during this time together, they discover that they are falling in love with each other ("i'm falling in love with someone"). when warrington asks marietta to sing the song back to him, she says that she has a song she knows better. later, however, they are found by french soldiers, and her true identity is revealed. her uncle and don carlos are expected on the next ship to take her back. marietta is to attend a ball arranged by the governor in her honor. julie comes to see her; she tells marietta that warrington had been ordered to leave new orleans that day, but intends to come to the ball. her uncle warns her that "if warrington attempted to see her again, he would be arrested for treason and shot". marietta asks julie to stop warrington from coming, but they realize it is too late when they hear him and his men singing ("tramp! tramp! tramp!"). when warrington enters the ballroom, the governor tries to get him to leave in order to save his life. after the captain dances with marietta, she tells him that she will sing her song to him the following evening. she pretends to have been toying with him to deceive her uncle. when warrington is leaving, marietta sings "ah, sweet mystery of life", joined by warrington. the lovers then flee to the wild frontier.
corpus document952
a night at the opera
in milan, otis b. driftwood (groucho), business manager for wealthy dowager mrs. claypool (margaret dumont), has stood her up and is having dinner with another woman in the very same restaurant. when she discovers him seated directly behind her, driftwood joins mrs. claypool, and introduces her to herman gottlieb (sig ruman), director of the new york opera company, also dining at the restaurant. driftwood has arranged for mrs. claypool to invest $200,000 in the opera company, allowing gottlieb to engage rodolfo lassparri (walter woolf king), the "greatest tenor since caruso". backstage at the opera house, chorister ricardo baroni (allan jones) hires his best friend fiorello (chico) to be his manager. ricardo is in love with the soprano, rosa castaldi (kitty carlisle), who is also being courted by lassparri. driftwood arrives and finds lassparri attacking tomasso, his dresser (harpo), who knocks lassparri unconscious by hitting him over the head with a mallet. fiorello appears and identifies himself as the manager of the "greatest tenor in the world". driftwood, mistakenly thinking fiorello is referring to lassparri, signs baroni to a contract. driftwood, mrs. claypool, rosa, lassparri and gottlieb all set sail for new york aboard an ocean liner. after bidding farewell to rosa at the pier, ricardo, fiorello, and tomasso stow away inside driftwood's steamer trunk. after being discovered, driftwood tries to get the three of them to leave, as he is expecting a rendezvous with mrs. claypool. fiorello refuses to go until they've eaten, and eventually driftwood's tiny stateroom is crowded with an assortment of people. (see stateroom scene below) later, lassparri spots the three stowaways among the immigrants on the ship, and they are caught and thrown into the brig. they escape with help from driftwood and are able to sneak into the country by assuming the identities of three famous bearded aviators,[n 1] who are traveling aboard the ship. after a welcoming reception in new york, the stowaways' true identities are discovered and they hide out in driftwood's hotel room, pursued by police sergeant henderson (robert emmett o'connor). meanwhile, ricardo is reunited with rosa after climbing in the window of her hotel room. ricardo has an altercation with lassparri, which results in both rosa and driftwood being fired from the opera company by gottlieb. the boys decide to seek revenge by sabotaging the opening night performance of il trovatore ending with the abduction of lassparri, forcing gottlieb to substitute ricardo and rosa in his place. the audience clearly prefers baroni over lassparri and the latter is booed and hit with an apple after he attempts to return to the stage. the film ends with driftwood and fiorello attempting to negotiate another contract, as rosa and ricardo sing an encore.
corpus document953
the nitwits
cigar-stand attendants johnny (wheeler) and newton (woolsey) get mixed up in a murder investigation at a radio station.
corpus document954
no more ladies
marcia (joan crawford) is a young socialite who shares her new york home with her alcoholic grandmother, fanny townsend (edna may oliver). marcia is a firm believer that a couple must be faithful to one another, unlike her peers who do not feel so strongly. marcia meets jim (franchot tone), who agrees with her on the subject of a couple's monogamy and pursues her. marcia, however, decides to pursue sherry (robert montgomery), whom marcia sees as a challenge and seeks to cure him of his philandering and womanizing nature. after a night at a club where some of sherry's past flings swirl about him, the couple discuss the institution of marriage and have clearly divergent views. despite this, marcia and sherry are married, yet sherry continues as before. even on their honeymoon, sherry flirts with the gorgeous sally french (jean chatburn). later, when the newly married couple returns home, sherry goes home with a friend's date, theresa german (gail patrick), and doesn't return that night. marcia realizes her philandering husband has already ruined their marriage. sherry admits to spending the night with theresa and admits his infidelity in a rather abrupt and unapologetic manner. marcia decides to teach her husband a lesson by having a party to which she invites sherry's former flames along with their mates. marcia announces that she intends to be unfaithful to her husband,by having a fling with jim, who still cares for marcia. marcia and jim escape from the party during a game of charades, and she returns the next morning. sherry then sees how much his wife loves him and is convinced to reform his former ways. in any event, marcia remained faithful to her beliefs and her husband and did not go through as she planned.
corpus document955
oil for the lamps of china
ambitious, idealistic stephen chase (pat o'brien) goes to work for the atlantis oil company and is sent to a remote outpost in rural china run by "no. 1 boss" (arthur byron). after a while, he feels secure enough to send for his fiancée and goes to yokohama to meet and marry her. however, when he gets there, all that is waiting for him is a telegram, in which she explains she is unwilling to live in such a backward country. he strikes up a conversation with hester adams (josephine hutchinson). she had come to see china for the first time with her father, a professor of oriental studies, only to have him die on the voyage. as they become better acquainted, stephen comes up with an idea (partly to save himself from losing face). he asks hester to marry him, explaining that it would be a partnership. she is impressed by his dream of modernizing china and accepts. it does not take long however for them to fall in love. no matter what happens, nothing shakes stephen's faith in the company. when his friend, no. 1 boss, is callously transferred to a lesser position, the old man commits suicide rather than accept the insult. the new boss, j.t. mccarger (donald crisp), orders stephen to man an even more isolated post near siberia. stephen is reluctant to go since hester is pregnant with their first child, but has no choice. once there, he makes the agonized decision to go deal with a dangerous oil fire rather than stay and help the doctor deliver the baby. when he returns, he learns that the child is dead. this causes a temporary rift between him and his wife. things improve. stephen is promoted and assigned to a large city in the south. the chases becomes good friends with another couple, don and alice wellman (john eldredge and jean muir). don works for stephen, but he is so contemptuous of the chinese that two important clients refuse to renew their contracts unless he is fired. stephen is torn, but does let don go. don's replacement is mccarger. despite a prolonged drought and an outbreak of cholera, stephen ruthlessly collects payment from his customers, earning the best record of any branch in china. then, communists take over the city. an officer (keye luke) shows up at the company's offices and demands the gold stored in the safe. stephen bargains with him and gets everyone except mccarger and himself evacuated to a ship by promising to give up the gold in a few hours. in the meantime, he sends for ho (tetsu komai), a very well-connected chinese customer and good friend, hoping he can use his influence. when ho bravely shows up however, he is shot down in cold blood by the soldiers. outraged, stephen and mccarger take the gold and escape out the back door. mccarger is killed and stephen wounded, but a passing boat rescues him and the gold. in the hospital, he is visited by the new man in charge of the orient for the company. stephen is delighted to be offered the position of his assistant. however, when his boss outlines his plan to institute modern business practices, stephen disagrees, explaining that, despite appearances, the "new" china is still run by the old ways. when he recovers, he is humiliated to learn that his job has been given to another man as a result. further, he is given only menial tasks in an effort to get him to quit (and thus forfeit his pension). hester gives stephen's boss a tongue-lashing and reveals that her husband holds the patent for a lamp the company uses to popularize the use of its product. however, it is a call from the president of atlantis, disturbed by the news that stephen has been passed over for the job, that changes the man's mind. stephen's shaken faith in the company is restored.
corpus document956
one frightened night
faced with an upcoming inheritance tax, multimillionaire jasper whyte summons a group of people to his mansion to announce that he is leaving each of them one million dollars. this changes when he discovers a long lost granddaughter doris waverly who comes to his mansion; jasper decides to leave his total fortune to her. another doris waverly comes to the mansion and a murder is committed.
corpus document957
one more spring
in new york city, jaret oktar's antiques shop fails. actress elizabeth cheney attends the auction of his stock, just to pass the time and sit down, while concert violinist morris rosenberg shows up after it ends. all three are out of work and homeless. otkar offers rosenberg half of a bed napoleon slept on (the only unsold item); they take it to the park on a pushcart and sleep on it outside under the stars. meanwhile, cheney sleeps on the subway. while otkar looks for a more permanent place for the bed, rosenberg decides to practice. cheney happens along and offers to pass the hat afterward. he is insulted at the thought of playing for pennies, but after she leaves, he swallows his pride. after a performance, street sweeper mr. sweeney expresses his desire to learn how to play a particular tune; seizing the opportunity, otkar offers him lessons from rosenberg for a place to put their bed. sweeney has a tool room in a stable in the park. after they settle in, otkar goes looking for food. while trying to steal a cooked chicken from a fancy restaurant, he runs into cheney, who has purloined some celery. eventually, she persuades him to take her in. rosenberg objects, but gives in. the next day, otkar has rosenberg distract a zoo attendant with music so he can steal some of the meat intended for the lions. afterward, sweeney takes rosenberg to the bank where his wife works and where they have their savings. rosenberg envies mr. sheridan, the bank president, unaware that sheridan has his own troubles: the bank is in danger of failing. that night, sheridan unsuccessfully begs an associate for help before the bank examiners check his books the next day. sheridan's bank does indeed close, taking the sweeneys' savings with it. the banker tries to drown himself, but the water is too shallow, and otkar pulls him out of the mud. otkar and cheney persuade him to go back, face his depositors and try to salvage something. the trio make it through the winter. when spring comes, rosenberg has exciting news. he has gotten work with a symphony orchestra out of town. when he leaves, otkar decides it would not be right for an unmarried man and woman to live together, so he decides to head south and leave the place and the bed to cheney. then sheridan shows up. the government is going to bail out his bank, and the sweeneys will not lose their savings. furthermore, he wants to buy the bed. with the proceeds, otkar finally has something to offer cheney; he calls her "darling" for the first time and embraces her.
corpus document958
our little girl
the doctor don middleton (joel mccrea) is so immersed in his work that he neglects his wife, elsa (rosemary ames), who begins spending more time with her husband's best friend. the two develop an intimate attraction. don and elsa decide to divorce, ignorant of the effect on their daughter molly (shirley temple). when elsa decides to remarry, molly runs away from home.
corpus document959
the pace that kills
small-town girl jane bradford (lois january) falls for nick (noel madison), a guy from the big city who offers her the opportunity to get away from her small-town life. he also offers her "headache powder" that she is unaware is really cocaine--and that nick is a drug dealer. by the time they get to the city, she is hooked on her new medicine. jane's brother eddie (dean benton) goes to the city to look for her, after he and their mother don't hear from her for over a year. eddie gets a job as a drive-in carhop and is befriended by waitress fanny (sheila bromley). fanny is one of nick's customers, and fanny soon gets eddie hooked on the "headache powder." this vice soon sends eddie's and fanny's lives downhill: they're both fired and unable to find new jobs. on the periphery of both eddie and jane's lives is dorothy farley (lois lindsay), a customer at the drive-in. dorothy, dating dan, comes from a wealthy family and throws her money around easily, and she is willing to financially assist those in need.
corpus document960
page miss glory
country girl loretta dalrymple (marion davies) arrives in new york city and gets a job as a chambermaid in a luxurious hotel, the same hotel in which con man "click" wiley (pat o'brien) and his photographer partner ed olsen (frank mchugh) are three weeks in arrears. desperate to avoid being evicted by the assistant manager, mr. yates (berton churchill), click has ed make a composite photograph by combining the best features of several renowned hollywood beauties and enters the resulting fake under the name "dawn glory" in a nationwide beauty contest for the $2500 prize. dawn glory wins. bingo nelson (dick powell), a pilot famous for performing crazy stunts, immediately falls in love when he spots the photograph in his friend click's suite. after heroically flying to alaska through a blizzard to deliver serum for some sick children, he proposes to dawn glory on national radio. as a result, reporters clamor to interview the woman, putting click in a tough spot. slattery (lyle talbot) of the express is particularly persistent, digging up click's checkered past to try to blackmail him into giving him an exclusive interview. finally, click is about to admit the truth when ed's girlfriend gladys russell (mary astor) discovers loretta trying on a dress delivered for miss glory. earlier in the day, loretta had splurged and gotten her hair styled as in the photograph. gladys and ed pass off loretta as dawn. soon, advertising endorsements and royalties make click and ed a lot of money. simeon hamburgher (al shean), president of nemo yeast, the beauty contest's sponsor, hires bingo to fly over the city and tout miss glory's endorsement of his product over a loudspeaker. his bitter rival, j. horace freischutz (joseph cawthorn), orders his assistant joe bonner (hobart cavanaugh) to arrange a meeting somehow with dawn, so he can try to persuade her to sign with him. bonner pays thugs petey (allen jenkins) and blackie (barton maclane) to kidnap her. after petey learns that dawn is really an impostor, he and his partner decide to blackmail click instead. click agrees to pay them off if they will kidnap bingo, a persistent nuisance who keeps trying to talk to dawn. gladys, jealous of a possible rival for ed's affections, suggests they take dawn instead. petey is dazzled by dawn's beauty, so he does. however, bingo tracks them down and rescues her. she agrees to marry him and announces it to everyone from the skies over new york.
corpus document961
paris in spring
afraid of marriage, simone (mary ellis) breaks off her long term engagement with her fiancé paul de lille (tullio carminati). paul heads to the top of the eiffel tower with thoughts of suicide. in another part of paris and also afraid of marriage, mignon (ida lupino) breaks it off from her young lover (james blakely). despairing, mignon also climbs to the top of the eiffel tower intending to leap to her death. there she meets paul and the two compare stories. after discussion, paul dissuades her from leaping and the two conspire to make their respective partners jealous by pretending to have an affair with each other.
corpus document962
party wire
matthew putnam (victor jory) is summoned back to his small hometown of rockridge by his aged, bedridden aunt nettie (helen lowell) after seven years of enjoying himself in europe, where he had been sent to study. she is tired and wants him to take charge of putnam dairies, the family business and the town's major employer. every mother with a marriageable daughter is excited by the return of the wealthy young man, including mathilda sherman (clara blandick). however, matthew shows no interest in mathilda's daughter irene (geneva mitchell). when matthew visits his good friend will oliver (charley grapewin), he is pleasantly surprised to see how grown up and beautiful will's daughter marge (jean arthur) has become. his reluctance to remain in town evaporates as he spends more and more time with her. this does not sit well with roy daniels (robert (tex) allen). when roy makes his bid for her affections, she turns him down, so he decides to leave for new york city the next day. marge is up all night trying to balance the church's finances, for which she and roy are responsible. finally, an irate will calls over the shared telephone line and leaves an angry message for roy to come over to straighten out the mess before he leaves town. however, eavesdroppers misinterpret the message and assume that roy has gotten marge pregnant and is trying to leave town without marrying her. mathilda is delighted and bullies her husband tom (oscar apfel), the president of the sherman bank, into firing marge. she also disqualifies marge's winning entry in the prestigious annual flower show. marge and matthew are oblivious to the rumors. he asks her to marry him; she accepts, provided they elope the next day. meanwhile, when matthew was late for their elopement, marge assumed he believed the stories. will, having discovered it was his call that started the whole mess, shoots himself. fortunately, he botches his suicide and survives with only a minor wound. marge and mathew separately find out about the ugly stories being circulated about marge. matthew decides to teach the town a sharp lesson. he first transfers all his money out of the sherman bank, which would lead to its collapse, and orders the replacement of all 300 local workers with out-of-towners. faced with the destruction of their community, the workers organize a meeting that matthew attends in the new town hall. before things get totally out of hand, matthew's aunt nettie - who hadn't left bed the last fifteen years - shows up and gives the townsfolk a tongue-lashing for their malicious gossip by bringing up their own past misdeeds. everything is eventually straightened out and the couple sneak off to the nearby town springfield to get married. however, the chastened townspeople have not changed their ways too much it seems. a mock disagreement between the newlyweds about where they should spend their honeymoon is seen and misreported as a full-blown argument by bert west.
corpus document963
peter ibbetson
gogo is a young boy of english extraction growing up in paris. he is friendly with the neighbor girl, mimsey. after his mother dies, gogo is taken to england by his uncle who gives him an english name based on his mother's maiden name, transforming gogo into peter ibbetson. "so ended the first chapter in the strange foreshadowed life of peter ibbetson." now an adult englishman, ibbetson (gary cooper) is an architect working in yorkshire on a restoration job for the british duke of towers (john halliday). he falls in love with mary, duchess of towers (ann harding), and she with him, although she is already married. when the duke discovers this, he callously demands they explain themselves. peter then realizes that mary is his childhood sweetheart. all these years, mary has kept, in the dresser beside her bed, the dress she wore at their last childhood meeting. the duke becomes jealous and pulls a gun on ibbetson. ibbetson manages to kill the duke in self-defense. "so death ended the second chapter. and then, in a prison on the bleak english moors..." ibbetson is unjustly convicted of murder, sentenced to life in prison, and despairs that he will never see mary again. however, the lovers are reunited in one another's dreams, which connect them spiritually. peter can leave prison to join mary in sunlit glades and meadows, but only in his slumbers. "...and so, many years went by." though the years pass, peter and mary remain youthful in their dreams. mary eventually dies of old age, but she goes to her usual dream rendezvous one last time and speaks to peter from beyond. then peter joins her there.
corpus document964
private worlds
the film tells the story of problems in the lives of doctors and patients. a female doctor (colbert) probes the twisted minds of her patients in a mental institution. the very caring psychiatrist and her colleague face discrimination by a conservative new supervisor.
corpus document965
professional soldier
michael donovan (mclaglen), a soldier of fortune and former marine colonel, is fed up with his latest job: keeping spoiled playboy george foster (michael whalen) out of trouble from women and liquor. thus, he is eager to accept when revolutionaries valdis (lumsden hare) and ledgard (walter kingsford) want to hire him to kidnap king peter ii, ruler of a country somewhere in the balkans. when a drunken foster wakes up and interrupts their meeting, donovan calls him his aide. donovan and foster reconnoiter at a masquerade ball held at the king's palace, but peter does not make an appearance. foster quickly falls in love with a woman there named sonia (gloria stuart). when the two men sneak back into the palace later that night, they are surprised to discover that peter (freddie bartholomew) is just a boy. donovan is too disgusted to want to abduct him, though peter is thrilled at the idea of an adventure. however, when countess sonia stumbles upon the scene and raises the alarm, donovan has no choice. peter helpfully shows him a secret escape passage; sonia reluctantly goes with them to take care of the lad. as prearranged, the kidnappers take peter to lady augusta (constance collier), who turns out to be peter's former nurse. donovan's employers succeed in overthrowing gino (c. henry gordon) and installing their own reform government under the leadership of stefan bernaldo (pedro de cordoba). as time goes on, donovan becomes very fond of peter and vice versa, while foster convinces sonia he really does love her. however, that does not sway her from what she sees as her duty; she manages to send a message to gino revealing where the king is being held. peter and donovan initially evade gino's men, but are recaptured within sight of the palace. peter orders gino to release donovan unharmed, but gino secretly has him imprisoned. gino tells supporter prince edric (lester matthews) to start rumors that the new regime has killed the very popular king. edric is aghast, grasping the implication that gino intends to murder peter. sonia also realizes her mistake, and frees donovan and foster. with foster's help, donovan kills or captures all 250 of gino's men just in time to save peter from a firing squad. when gino resists, donovan shoots him. later, a grateful peter bestows a decoration on donovan before they tearfully part.
corpus document966
public hero no. 1
undercover fbi agent jeff crane (chester morris) is planted in the same prison as sonny black (joseph calleia), who is suspected of belonging to the notorious purple gang. jeff helps sonny escape in the hope that he will lead jeff back to the rest of the gang. sonny is seriously wounded during the escape, and makes his way to his home in central wisconsin. he sends jeff for dr. josiah glass (lionel barrymore), an alcoholic who has saved the lives of many of the gang members. in his rush, jeff forces a bus off the road during a late-night rainstorm. one of the passengers, maria theresa "terry" o'reilly (jean arthur), gets him to take the stranded people back to town. however, he refuses terry's persistent requests that he drive her to her destination, only a few miles away. jeff finds dr. glass, but has to wait, as the storm has made a bridge impassible. during that time, he and terry become acquainted. he learns that she is going to see her brother "dinkie". she has not seen him in many years, and he has refused to respond to her letters about an inheritance from their uncle. jeff is shocked when he sees a photograph of her brother: dinkie is sonny. terry is unaware of sonny's criminal activity. when jeff takes dr. glass to sonny, terry stows away in the car. she meets sonny, and learns that he is the subject of a nationwide manhunt. however, family ties are strong, and she helps nurse him back to health. later, when sonny slaps terry for persistently trying to persuade him to turn himself in, jeff cannot control himself. he punches sonny. sonny angrily orders jeff and terry to leave, at gunpoint. jeff's boss, special agent james duff (paul kelly), had warned jeff not to get involved with terry. the whole operation seems to be ruined, so duff fires jeff. however, jeff has an idea. knowing that the gang is planning to strike that day, he tricks dr. glass into taking him to their hideout, a roadhouse named little paree. he notifies duff, and a fierce gunfight ensues. all of the gang members are killed except sonny, who escapes. a dying dr. glass confirms that sonny was the boss. weeks go by, but sonny eludes capture. a newspaper publishes photographs of sonny and jeff side by side—one captioned "public enemy no. 1", and the other "public hero no. 1". duff and jeff learn that sonny has undergone plastic surgery. knowing that he must be out of money, they have his sister watched at the vaudeville theater where she is the cashier. they also place an advertisement supposedly from terry offering to help dinkie. sure enough, he approaches her for money and is spotted. terry warns him, but he is gunned down in an alley by jeff. afterwards, terry wants nothing to do with her brother's killer. however, jeff corners her on a train and they reconcile.
corpus document967
the public menace
"red" foster (george murphy) and other reporters board an ocean liner arriving from europe. red has been sent to cover a seemingly routine suicide. cassie (jean arthur), the ship's manicurist, is homesick for america, but has somehow become a greek citizen and not american. the captain (thurston hall) becomes aware of her plan to jump ship, and tells her she will be watched closely. she tells red that she has a suicide note that reveals that man held by the police for a sensational murder is innocent and names the true killer. however, she will only give it to him if he marries her and makes her an american citizen again. he reluctantly agrees, and the captain marries them. afterward, however, he learns that she has lied; the note is merely a letter of recommendation. meanwhile, the other reporters learn that notorious gangster tonelli (douglass dumbrille) is being brought back to the united states to face a number of charges. when they locate his cabin, they barge in on him and his police escorts. then they are all forced at gunpoint by tonelli's henchman to help in his escape. the reporters do not mind, as they have a great front page story for their newspapers. all that is, except red. frentrup (robert middlemass), red's city editor, fires him for missing it. neither red nor cassie have any money, so he lets her stay at his apartment. they find new jobs and save money for their divorce, though cassie does her best to get red to change his mind about splitting up. when cassie reads about two dead gangsters who have been burned too badly to be identified, she hits upon a scheme to get red his old job back. she telephones frentrup and claims to be able to identify one as tonelli by a tattoo mentioned in the newspaper, but insists on talking only to red. frentrup reinstates the reporter. however, tonelli is still alive, and when he discovers that his girlfriend, mimi (shirley grey), has quickly found herself another man, he guns them down in cold blood. before he dies, the man is able to tell the police that tonelli is responsible. red gets fired again. cassie is taken in to be interrogated on suspicion that she is tonelli's accomplice. the police allow cassie to be released on bail, in the hope that she will lead them to the fugitive. tonelli does indeed send for her. when he realizes the block is surrounded by policemen, cassie persuades him to let her call her "brother" (actually red) and have him bring "his" ambulance, so the gangster can try to sneak out on a stretcher. the plan works, except cassie and red take him not to a new hideout, but to red's newspaper. trapped, tonelli starts shooting and is killed by the police. in the middle of the gunfight, frentrup once again rehires red to write the unfolding story. at the divorce court, red decides to stay married to cassie.
corpus document968
pursuit
pilot mitch mitchell (chester morris) is asked to whisk a young child, donny (scotty beckett), from california into mexico by the youth's mother, who is involved in a nasty custody dispute with her sister. mitch agrees to take on the job, but he must also take along maxine (sally eilers), who works for an agency hired to bring the child back. she's agreed to help the boy escape, but the three must still avoid detection. things come crashing to a head in mexico.
corpus document969
racing luck
after the horse life belt is disqualified for a drug violation, trainer dan morgan is suspended from horse racing. he goes to work in a lesser role for june and jimmy curtis at their stables and tends to color sergeant, an injured horse. a rival stable owner, walker hammond, is willing to go to any lengths to win. his men set fire to the curtis stables, and when his horse carnation scores a narrow victory over color sergeant in a big race, morgan proves that carnation is actually another horse, entered illegally. hammond is now the one banned from the track.
corpus document970
rainbow valley
the character, john martin, is polite and genial. on a ride to the small town of rainbow valley, he runs into george, an "old-timer", who is looking for water for his car. martin is surprised to see a car; he gives the old-timer his entire canteen of water. george, the mailman for the area, starts his car and heads down the road. farther down, the road is being watched by highwaymen who have set up an ambush. martin is riding on the same road and sees the highwaymen chasing george. martin follows and takes on the highwaymen, but not before the last one shoots george. martin leaps from his horse to the car. george is not killed; the bullet only grazed his skull. martin hitches his horse to the back of the car and rides into town with george. martin takes george to the town doctor. meanwhile, the townspeople are rallying against the gang of highwaymen. the people of paradise valley are trying to build a road and modernize the town. they want to bring in "law and order" to the area, because they are tired of being abused and terrorized by the gang. they are putting together a petition to the governor of the state for legal and physical protection against the gang. martin walks into the post office and claims he beat back the highwaymen. when martin sees a suspicious character and asks him some questions, the man starts fighting with martin. some of the town's elders watching the fight. martin accuses the suspicious character of being one of the highwaymen. the elders say about martin, "say, that fellow's a fighter! we need him around here!" the postmistress, eleanor, thinks martin is not a good guy, although it is obvious from his clothing and bearing that he is. george champions martin's character on account of his valiant struggle with the highwaymen. meanwhile, the gang is sitting in the saloon, talking about how they messed up the ambush. they need to stop the road and keep the law out of the valley; they're headed up by rogers, a prominent man in town who got eleanor her job. martin figures out exactly what the gang is wanting to do—they want to send the prospectors out of business and then buy the prospectors' land at a low price. the owner of the general store owner, powell, thinks martin is "the one man who won't be intimidated by this gang", and he touts himself as an excellent judge of character and reckons that martin measures up to his standards. martin went to school for engineering, so he's smart and capable of rebuilding the road. he's a strategist who knows how the gang will work. he is magnetic and gets the people behind him. meanwhile, the gang is strategizing on how to attack the road workers; the road workers pick up their weapons and start defending themselves against the gang. a shoot-out occurs; george uses dynamite to fend off the attackers. martin returns to the post office, where eleanor is friendly to martin; she's had a change of heart because of his friendliness, bravery, and hard work on the road. he is gentle and flirtatious but humble and virtuous. the highway gang is in the dark saloon, playing poker, smoking, and drinking. the gang plans to hide out along the road to kidnap george. they don't hesitate to use physical violence, and they knock out a bystander and leave him along the road. the bystander revives and quickly rides to the road workers, where he tells martin what happened. martin immediately leaves and rides alone to save george. he skillfully tracks the gang to an old cabin, where he quickly sneaks into the barn and finds george tied up. george insists that they have to get the car out because it has mail in it; martin disagrees but decides to help george. mr. rogers walks in the post office and leaves his wallet on the desk. the postmistress walks out with him, but he gets her to give him the key and runs back to the post office to steal the petition about the road. the gang substitutes a petition to release another gang member from his sentence for his crimes. they also revel in the fact that they stole all the remaining dynamite. two weeks later, martin and george wonder why they have not heard any response to the petition. in the gang hideout, mr. rogers walks in with the pardoned gang member (the boss, butch), and the gang explains the situation to him. it happens that martin and butch were cellmates in jail. butch wants to see martin, so mr. rogers goes to find him. in the post office, mr. rogers tells the postmistress that martin is an ex-convict. martin rides into town; rogers calls him over; the owner of the general store, powell, sees the conversation. martin seems happy to hear that butch is in town. george sees martin going into the saloon with rogers; george goes into the post office, powell follows, they assume martin is fraternizing with rogers and butch. george has faith in martin, but powell and eleanor assume the worst about him. meanwhile, martin is talking to butch about the road; martin appears to be on the same side as butch, and he agrees to destroy the road in return for a cut of the profits when the prospectors sell out. the townspeople gather and talk about how martin has betrayed them. powell issues a call to arms to kill the entire gang. george and eleanor find a letter to george from the governor. martin is actually an undercover agent who is trying to bust out the gang, and the letter specifies that the townspeople should cooperate and comply with martin's "suspicious" activities without blowing his cover. george and eleanor realize they have to stop the mob that has just left town to stop martin and butch. george hitches up a couple of horses to the car to pull it like a carriage. meanwhile, the mob of townspeople is getting closer and closer to the gang and martin. suddenly, martin punches out rogers, and a shoot-out begins between the townspeople and the gang. butch is hooking up the dynamite, but martin stops him and they begin fighting. the gang starts retreating, but butch sets off the dynamite right on top of the gang, killing all of his men. martin arrests butch and shows that he was using the gang to get through the road because they had stolen all of the dynamite. george drives the car up to the hill and remarks on the road's success. finally, the road is built, runs through the hill, and is all set up for the town. in the back seat of the car, martin and eleanor are kissing.
corpus document971
the rainmakers
rainmakers billy (wheeler) and roscoe (woolsey) take on a crooked businessman out to cash in on a drought.
corpus document972
the raven
after jean thatcher (ware) has been injured in a car accident, her father, judge thatcher (hinds) and beau jerry (matthews) implore retired surgeon dr. richard vollin (lugosi) to perform a delicate operation to restore her to health. vollin agrees and is successful; he befriends the spirited and grateful jean, in the process revealing his passion for all things related to edgar allan poe, including his homemade collection of torture devices inspired by poe's works (such as a pit, pendulum with crescent razor, shrinking room, etc.), and identifying the raven as his talisman. after vollin reveals his growing love for jean to her father, the judge quickly discourages him from the affair. angered, vollin hatches a plan when edmond bateman (karloff), a murderer on the run, comes to his home asking for a new face so he may live in anonymity. vollin admits to not being a plastic surgeon, but says he can help bateman, and asks him to help in exacting revenge on the thatchers, which he refuses. bateman explains that he feels his antisocial behavior is a result of having been called ugly all his life, and he hopes a new face may gave him a chance to end it. vollin performs the surgery, but instead turns bateman into a disfigured monster, promising only to operate again on bateman when vollin's revenge is exacted. bateman finally reluctantly agrees. vollin hosts a dinner party, among which jean, jerry, and the judge are guests. one by one, the guests are caught in the poe-inspired traps. ultimately, bateman is shot by vollin as he rescues jean and jerry, but throws vollin into the shrinking room where he perishes, and the guests escape.
corpus document973
reckless
musical stage star mona leslie (jean harlow), jailed for reckless driving, is bailed out by her friend, sports promoter and gambler ned riley (william powell), to headline a charity event. however, she finds that all the seats have been bought by wealthy bob harrison jr. (franchot tone), president and only member of s.a.m.l. (the society for the admiration of mona leslie). mona begins dating bob, with ned's approval. mona's granny (may robson) tells ned that her granddaughter would break it off if he asked her to. ned is reluctant at first, but eventually buys a wedding ring. however, he is too late. one night, while they are very drunk, mona and bob get married. the next day, mona is pleased, but bob becomes depressed when he considers what his upper class friends and family will think, especially his father, colonel harrison (henry stephenson), and his fiancée and friend since childhood, jo mercer (rosalind russell). though jo welcomes mona without resentment, the colonel and the rest of bob's social circle are cold toward her. bob wants to run back to new york, but mona advises him to stay and stick it out. bob's ambivalent feelings emerge when jo gets married. he avoids the wedding and starts drinking, unable to endure the thought of jo with another man. when he shows up and speaks to jo privately, he tells her how he really feels. mona overhears when he says he was trapped into marriage. with no place else to go, she asks ned to take her to his hotel suite. bob follows and tries to pick a fight, but is too drunk to do anything serious. ned and mona put him to bed, but when they leave the room, bob kills himself. both ned and mona are subjected to a coroner's inquest and suspected of murder, but bob's death is ruled a suicide. however, in the eyes of the public, mona is still guilty of driving bob to his death. mona gives birth to bob's son. she offers to give up her inheritance of one million dollars if colonel harrison will agree not to seek custody of her child. he agrees. to support her son, mona tries to go back to work, but outraged people organize a campaign against her and nobody will hire her other than a sleazy promoter who wants to take advantage of her notoriety. ned secretly finances a show for her, but his lawyer, worried that ned is risking bankruptcy, tells mona. she offers to stop production, but ned refuses to listen and the show goes on. on opening night, jo and colonel harrison are in the audience. mona starts off with a song, but hecklers make it impossible to continue. she quiets the crowd with a forceful justification of her actions and starts over. when she is finished, the audience gives her a standing ovation. during her next song, ned proposes to her from the sideline.
corpus document974
red salute
drue van allen, the daughter of an american general, is in love with communist graduate student leonard arner. when leonard is ejected from a college campus for speaking to the students, a newspaper photographer takes a picture of him in drue's car and prints it on the front page. when drue refuses to listen to reason, the general tricks her into boarding an airplane bound for mexico, supposedly to see her aunt betty off, then locks her in. she is stuck in juarez with no money to get home. after a rowdy soldier, jeff overhears a border policeman warn her not to try to cross into the us, jeff, whom she nicknames "uncle sam", strikes up a conversation, telling her he thinks she should be shot. despite their disdain for each other, they run up a large bar bill, but neither has any money. they skip out and drive away; then drue tells him he has stolen a government car. when they reach a border crossing, jeff tries to stop, but drue presses the gas pedal and they speed into texas. they manage to evade their pursuers, but crash into a tree. they later kidnap p. j. rooney, an easy-going, henpecked husband, to ride in his homemade trailer. he is glad to get away from his wife, edith. they eventually con baldy, a caretaker, into believing they are friends of his employer, colonel turner, and letting them stay in turner's house. after jeff and drue dance, he tells her he now loves her; after thinking it over, she kisses him before they turn in for the night, in separate rooms. she later sneaks out and tries to drive away, but the authorities show up and arrest them both. general van allen gets drue out of jail. he is worried about a newspaper story reporting that drue and leonard are going to get married and also about information he received from an immigration official that leonard is not a citizen, but rather a suspected "paid propagandist" in the country on a student visa. when the general realizes that drue has feelings for jeff, he sends for jeff. after speaking to him informally, the general sends him down to a meeting at which leonard is supposed to speak. jeff pretends to have changed his opinion to get arner to let him talk to the audience. he starts out agreeing with leonard's position, then shows people what he really stands for. a riot breaks out, and arner is taken into custody for deportation. drue realizes she is in love with jeff. they get married and honeymoon in p.j.'s trailer.
corpus document975
remember last night?
to celebrate their six-month anniversary, long island socialites tony and carlotta milburn arrange a wild drinking party with friends, culminating in a stop at the restaurant owned by faronea. they are unaware that faronea is conspiring with baptiste bouclier, the chauffeur of party host vic huling, to kidnap vic. the next morning the milburns awake hung over to find vic dead from a gunshot through the heart and his wife bette missing. tony calls his friend, district attorney danny harrison to investigate. bette arrives with billy arliss at whose home she had slept. because of their excessive drinking, no one can remember anything about what had happened the night before. as circumstantial evidence mounts against tony, he calls in hypnotist professor karl jones to help everyone try to recover their memories. just as the professor is about to reveal the murderer, he is murdered. next to be killed is restaurateur faronea. after tony and carlotta eavesdrop on him conferring with an accomplice at his restaurant, faronea discovers them. tony bluffs that he knows about the kidnapping plot and the accomplice murders faronea. the couple returns home to find bouclier murdered in his quarters. friend jake whitridge responds to a frantic telephone call from billy. tony and danny arrive, as they had planned with billy, moments after jake. jake attacks billy and knocks him out. when he regains consciousness billy attempts to shoot jake but tony saves him. after the various spouses arrive, tony announces he has solved the mystery. billy borrowed money from vic on behalf of jake, using a false name. jake altered the check to be for $150,000 instead of $50,000 and vic forced billy to reveal he had borrowed the money for jake. jake shot vic at jake's home and brought his body to the party, where everyone assumed he was just passed out. jake paid bouclier to remain quiet, which is why bouclier had to kill professor jones. bouclier, faronea's accomplice, killed faronea after tony spoke to him about the kidnapping plot. jake then shot bouclier. danny places jake under arrest and extracts a pledge from tony and carlotta to quit drinking. they agree and drink a toast to it.[1]
corpus document976
rendezvous
in april 1917, former newspaperman william gordon (william powell) is commissioned in the u.s. army. the day before he is to leave washington, d.c. for france, he meets socialite joel carter (rosalind russell) at an embassy gathering. the couple spend the day together where gordon confides that because he once wrote a book on cryptography under a pen name, the army is searching for him to put him to work behind a desk, but he is eager to get into the fighting. just before he boards his train, gordon is ordered to report to assistant secretary of war john carter (samuel s. hinds). over his objections, carter assigns gordon to the code-breaking room to help break an intercepted german message that major brennan (lionel atwill), an experienced british cryptologist, has been unable to decipher. gordon learns that carter is joel's uncle, and that she revealed his true identity to keep him in washington. the u.s. is deeply concerned about the u-boat threat to its troop and supply convoys headed to france. to defeat the threat, british escorts will meet american transports before they enter the most dangerous zone. the rendezvous point will not be given to the ships until the day before they meet, transmitted by wireless in a new code devised by major brennan. an ammunition ship is sent first to test the new system. however a german spy ring in the city has already gained access to the code and allows the ship through to lure more valuable troop transports into their u-boat trap. gordon deciphers the intercepted message and realizing that the code has been compromised, alerts his superiors. a troop convoy has already sailed for france and in three days they will have to send it the rendezvous location in the no longer secret code. brennan suspects his mistress, olivia karloff (binnie barnes), has stolen his code. he catches her red-handed, but she shoots and kills him in panic. her unhappy superiors order her to divert the americans away from the spy ring. although he has a circular mailed to olivia that contains a message written in invisible ink, and has her brought in for questioning, gordon releases her to lead him to the rest of the spies. joel mistakenly thinks he has been enchanted by her seductive wiles. olivia covertly warns captain nicholas nieterstein (cesar romero), an attaché in a foreign embassy who is part of the spy ring, that the americans have the circular, which requires use of a reagent to reveal the message. olivia is told that the spy ring is going to betray nieterstein to dupe the americans into transmitting the rendezvous location to the troop convoy. dining later with gordon, olivia "accidentally" drops one of nieterstein's military medals in her possession into a glass of water, revealing the reagent and his complicity. the stolen code book is found in his possession, planted by his own compatriots, and he is arrested. nieterstein commits suicide. gordon forces olivia to lead him to the spies in a hotel staffed by enemy agents. joel jealousy follows them and becomes a hostage of the spies. gordon is also captured and under duress pretends to decode the position message to the convoy. however he has given them coordinates of the hotel. when the spy ring passes along the information, the americans intercept it, and carter recognizes the address. justice department agents shoot their way into the hotel to rescue gordon and joel. gordon resumes his journey to france, but as he is about to board his train, joel again uses her influence to keep him in washington.
corpus document977
roberta
john kent (randolph scott), a former star football player at harvard, goes to paris with his friend huck haines (fred astaire) and the latter's dance band, the wabash indianians. alexander voyda (luis alberni) has booked the band, but refuses to let them play when he finds the musicians are not the indians he expected, but merely from indiana (huck haines and his indianians band). john turns to the only person he knows in paris for help, his aunt minnie (helen westley), who owns the fashionable "roberta" gown shop. while there, he meets her chief assistant (and secretly the head designer), stephanie (irene dunne). john is quickly smitten with her. meanwhile, huck unexpectedly stumbles upon someone he knows very well. "countess scharwenka", a temperamental customer at roberta's, turns out to be his hometown sweetheart lizzie gatz (ginger rogers). she gets huck's band an engagement at the nightclub where she is a featured entertainer, and huck agrees to keep her true identity a secret. two things trouble john. one is ladislaw (victor varconi), the handsome russian deposed prince and doorman who seems too interested in stephanie. the other is the memory of sophie (claire dodd), the snobbish, conceited girlfriend he left behind after a quarrel over his lack of sophistication and polish. when aunt minnie dies unexpectedly without leaving a will, john inherits the shop. knowing nothing about women's fashion and aware that his aunt intended for stephanie to inherit the business, he persuades stephanie to remain as his partner. correspondents flock to hear what a football player has to say about feminine fashions. huck gives the answers, making a lot of weird statements about the innovations john is planning to introduce. sophie arrives in paris, attracted by john's good fortune. she enters the shop, looking for a dress, but is dissatisfied with everything stephanie shows her. huck persuades her to choose a gown that john had ordered to be discarded as too vulgar. when john sees her in it, they quarrel for the final time. john reproaches stephanie for selling sophie the gown. terribly hurt, stephanie quits the shop. with roberta's putting on a fashion show in a week, huck takes over the design work, with predictably bad results. when stephanie sees his awful creations, she is persuaded to return to save roberta's reputation. the show is a triumph, helped by the entertainment provided by huck, countess scharwenka, and the band. (a pre-stardom lucille ball, with platinum blond hair, appears uncredited in her first rko film[3] as a model wearing an elaborate feather cape, after the vocal by dunne, in the fashion show.[4]) the closing sensation is a gown modeled by stephanie herself. at the show, john overhears that she and ladislaw are leaving paris and mistakenly assumes that they have married. later, he congratulates her for becoming a princess. when she informs him that ladislaw is merely her cousin and that the title has been hers since birth, the lovers are reunited. huck and lizzie, who decide to get married, do a final tap dance sequel.
corpus document978
rocky mountain mystery
mining engineer larry sutton (randolph scott) arrives at the ballard radium mine to take over as chief engineer from his missing brother-in-law jack parson, who is a suspect in the murder of ranch caretaker adolph borg. sutton teams up with deputy sheriff tex murdock (chic sale) who is investigating the murder. staying at the ranch with the ailing owner, jim ballard (george f. marion), are his niece flora (kathleen burke) and nephew fritz (howard wilson) who've been notified of their uncle's failing health now wait to inherit his legacy. also staying at the ranch is a mysterious chinaman ling yat (willie fung), the housekeeper mrs. borg (leslie carter), her son john (james eagles), and the beautiful and spirited rita ballard (ann sheridan), another niece, who quickly earns sutton's trust and romantic interest. shortly after sutton arrives, ballard's nephew fritz is murdered by a mysterious cloaked figure in the same manner that adolph was killed—crushed beneath the massive weight of a stamp mill, a huge apparatus used to pulverize rock to unearth valuable ore. sutton and tex find that the ranch guests all have alibis. soon the mysterious cloaked figure strikes again, shooting young john, attacking sutton, and slashing flora's throat. while the investigation continues, jim, who is apparently an invalid, takes a turn for the worse, prompting sutton to contact his ex-wife who hasn't been to the ranch in thirty years. mrs. ballard arrives at the ranch, mrs. borg tries to prevent her from seeing her ailing ex-husband. sutton arrives and helps her upstairs where she discover that "jim" is actually adolph borg, and that he and his wife had killed the real jim ballard sometime earlier during a takeover attempt by the borg family. adolph then tricks sutton and escapes, taking rita as a hostage. sutton follows them to the mine where he fights with adolph and john, nearly being crushed by the stamp mill. after adolph falls to his death, sutton rescues rita. afterwards, mrs. borg, her son john, and their chinese servant ling yat are sentenced to twenty years in prison, and tex is made sheriff. larry and rita get married and buy a ranch in hawaii.
corpus document979
romance in manhattan
karel novak (lederer), an incredibly naive czech immigrant, arrives in new york with $58; but now he must have $200 or be sent back. novak escapes from the ship and is rescued by dock workers; but he loses his money. he wanders the streets and eats food left by chorus girls. sylvia dennis (rogers) questions him. he refuses money but wants a job. two women suggest an institution for sylvia's brother frank (jimmy butler), because he missed two days of school. sylvia says no. sylvia gives karel blankets to sleep on the roof, and she explains about the depression. frank shares his job selling newspapers with karel and takes over after school. karel does not admit he was fished out of the river and so does not get his $58 back. he asks the police officer murphy (j. farrell macdonald) if someone could get in trouble for helping someone if they didn't know he was an illegal alien. karel shows sylvia his taxi; but she says her show has closed. he is glad to be the head of the house for his friend. karel comes home early because of a strike and helps sylvia with the washing. she hopes to marry a rich man; but he kisses her. the two women ask the landlady if novak is living in sylvia's apartment. sylvia goes to court for frank. the judge (oscar apfel) says she is 19 and asks about novak, who explains the situation is innocent. the judge says sylvia must give up frank to an institution until she is married. frank packs; karel walks out, and sylvia cries. karel goes to murphy and asks how to get married. murphy says he only needs $2 and maybe his naturalization papers. so karel goes to attorney halsey j. pander (arthur hohl), who asks for $50 and promises to make him a citizen right away. karel goes back to drive a taxi even though he gets beat up because of the strike. sylvia tells karel that she and frank are leaving. karel asks her to marry him. sylvia says no but changes her mind. a man comes to take frank. karel tells sylvia he is in the country illegally but expects to be made a citizen. karel is arrested, as pander is turning him in for money. murphy intervenes, and the police sergeant (sidney toler) makes calls to arrange a marriage license and to hire a minister (donald meek). murphy arrests pander for speeding and calls immigration. karel is vaccinated at the police station, and he and sylvia are married.
corpus document980
ruggles of red gap
in 1908 the earl of burnstead (roland young) gambles away his eminently correct english manservant, marmaduke ruggles (charles laughton). ruggles' new masters, crude nouveau riche american millionaires egbert and effie floud (charlie ruggles and mary boland), bring ruggles back to red gap, washington, a remote western boomtown. when ruggles is mistaken for a wealthy retired englishman colonel, he becomes a celebrity in the small town. as ruggles attempts to adjust to his rough new community, he learns to live life on his own terms, achieving a fulfilling independence as a result. in an easily missed bit of irony, ruggles bemoans his fate as having been relegated to america, the "land of slavery," when it is obvious that laughton's character has been sold off as easily as a negro in the antebellum south. the climax of the film is laughton’s recitation of the gettysburg address in a saloon filled with rough western characters who are held spellbound by the speech. newly imbued with the spirit of democracy and self-determination, ruggles becomes his own man, giving up his previous employment and opening a restaurant in red gap.
corpus document981
rumba
in havana, cuba, an american dancer called joe martin has a winning lottery ticket. however wealthy socialite diana harrison also has a lottery ticket with the same number. joe's ticket is counterfeit so he misses out on the money. diana feels sorry for him and offers to back him in his own night club but then changes her mind after he tries to seduce her. joe then discovers the rumba dance when he visits his home town during a fiesta. he gets financial backing from a texan to establish a new nightclub with flash, his manager. joe dances the rumba with carmelita and is a big success. diana goes to opening night with her boyfriend hobart fletcher. she dances with joe and they fall in love. however carmelita helps break them up. back in new york diana discovers that joe left new york because he had evidence that would send a gang member to prison. diana breaks up with hobart. joe reads about this, signs with a broadway producer and returns to new york. joe is threatened with death by gangsters but decides to perform anyway. carmelita faints out of fear but diana steps up and performs the rumba with joe. the performance is a big success and it's revealed that the gangster threats was a publicity stunt.
corpus document982
the sagebrush troubadour
texas rangers gene autry (gene autry) and frog millhouse (smiley burnette) are traveling undercover as western troubadours in search of the killer of old, half-blind frank martin. their only clues are a guitar string (the murder weapon) and martin's horse swayback that hold the key to finding the dead man's lost goldmine. following frank martin's funeral, martin's granddaughter, joan (barbara pepper), meets her uncle, john martin, and lon dillon, who flirts with her. lawyer henry nolan reads martin's will, revealing that the deceased left john $5,000 and the remainder of the estate to joan. john tells joan that he suspects gene of her grandfather's murder and persuades her to hold a masquerade dance to lure gene into town. meanwhile, gene learns that martin was nearly blind and relied on his horse swayback to guide him. by following swayback, whom lon, john, and henry have all tried to buy, gene discovers that martin had indeed located a gold mine. gene and frog escape a trap set for them at the dance and save joan when she is nearly strangled by another guitar string. then gene discovers that john's guitar is missing a string. john and pablo, who have uncovered swayback's hiding place, find the mine and are followed by henry, lon, and hank polk. as they argue among themselves, gene surprises them and reveals that he is a texas ranger assigned to the martin murder case. by claiming that frog is a fingerprint expert, gene tricks henry into admitting his guilt. henry is then arrested by the sheriff, who is waiting in the mine according to gene's instructions. finally, joan learns that gene has recorded the deed to the mine in her name.
corpus document983
the scoundrel
anthony mallare (coward) is a publisher who (it appears) wishes to ruin the life of every person he comes in contact with. every sentence he says is like a poisoned dart aimed for the greatest damage, and delivered in cold lifeless tones. he is under no illusion regarding his own personality, remarking to his staff at large that he has found the perfect woman - one as empty as he is: "i must marry her......it would be like two empty paper bags belaboring one another". he finally manages to completely destroy the career and life of an aspiring young author (ridges) and his girlfriend (haydon), who curses him with the hope that he will die friendless. shortly afterwards he is killed when his plane crashes into the ocean—haydon's character, upon hearing of the tragedy, remarks, "i've just found out there is a god!" faced with the prospect of damnation he is allowed to go back to earth to find one person who will mourn for him - which person turns out to be haydon. (those around him are astonished to see him apparently alive and back at work, but gradually become aware that something supernatural is afoot.)
corpus document984
shadow of doubt
sim sturdevant visits his aunt melissa pilson. pilson is upset about his affair with actress trenna plaice. pilson thinks plaice is a social inferior and only after money. sturdevant says he plans to marry plaice, and has secured a radio contract for her that will allow her to continue her acting career while living with him in new york. however, plaice rejects sturdevant's proposal, saying she has a movie offer and marriage proposal from len hayworth. sturdevant and plaice argue until plaice calls hayworth to accept his proposal. immediately after sturdevant leaves, plaice receives a call back from lisa bellwood, who claims she will be marrying hayworth the next day. sturdevant goes to a club, where he offers the radio contract to singer johnny johnson. hayworth and bellwood also come to the club, which upsets johnson because hayworth has made unwanted advances to her. johnson's boyfriend, press agent reed ryan, approaches sturdevant's table at the same time as hayworth. hayworth tells ryan about sturdevant's failed proposal, and sturdevant punches hayworth in the face. hearing a rumor that hayworth wants revenge for his humiliation, johnson follows hayworth home from the club. at the same time, plaice visits hayworth's home, where she is admitted by a butler who tells her he needs to go out, but she can wait for hayworth inside. bellwood brings home hayworth, who has passed out drunk, and leaves him on a couch, not realizing that plaice is in the next room. soon after, hayworth's butler returns and finds him dead on the couch from a gunshot wound. the police suspect plaice because she admits to being in hayworth's home. she also previously owned a pistol of the same type used in the murder, although she claims to no longer have it. plaice tells sturdevant she went to hayworth's to turn down his proposal, because she wants to marry sturdevant instead. hayworth's butler calls claiming to know who committed the murder. when plaice goes to meet the butler, he is killed by an unknown shooter, using the same type of gun that killed hayworth. when pilson visits plaice and sees how distraught she is, pilson decides she is innocent. plaice believes the gun she used to own was stolen by her former butler, but pilson finds the gun in plaice's apartment. pilson removes the gun before police can find it. pilson sets a trap by talking openly about having the gun. she claims to have located the butler who stole it and says he will be coming to testify about who he sold it to. the killer is revealed to be ryan, who was jealous over hayworth's advances towards johnson. as a collector of hollywood memorabilia, ryan had previously purchased the stolen gun from plaice’s butler, and used it to divert suspicion.
corpus document985
she
leo vincey (randolph scott) is called from america to the family's ancestral estate in england where his dying uncle john vincey (samuel s. hinds) and horace holly (nigel bruce) convince him that their ancestor, also named john vincey (also played by scott) found the fountain of youth 500 years ago. following the route outlined in an old journal, leo and holly travel through frozen wastes, as a guide named tugmore and his daughter, tanya (helen mack) join them on their quest. they stumble upon the ancient city of kor, where they are attacked by cannibals but are saved by she who must be obeyed (helen gahagan) and her minister billali (gustav von seyffertitz). she believes that leo is the reincarnation of her lover, john vincey and vows to make him immortal like herself to rule this shangri-la in eternal youth. tanya warns leo that nothing human can live forever. at the end, she asks leo to step into the flame of life with her, so that they can become immortal. when leo hesitates, she offers to step in first. rather than renewing her youth, she ages hundreds of years, becomes a withered mummy-like creature and dies. leo, holly and tanya then safely make their escape. gahagan's depiction of the "ageless ice goddess"[4] served as inspiration for the evil queen in walt disney's snow white and the seven dwarfs.[5][6]
corpus document986
she couldn't take it
the film tells the story of the wealthy family van dyke: a frustrated patriarch dan (walter connolly); his self-centered wife (billie burke); and his spoiled children tony (james blakeley) and carol (joan bennett). they have constant run-ins for outrageous behavior. dan van dyke is sent to prison for tax evasion. his cellmate is bootlegger and fellow convicted tax evader ricardi. the two men become friends and when van dyke dies from a poor heart, he puts ricardi in charge of his interests.
corpus document987
she married her boss
julia scott (claudette colbert) is a very efficient secretary at a department store. she is in love with her boss, richard barclay (melvyn douglas), who pays no attention to her, unless it has to do with business. julia goes to lunch with martha pryor (jean dixon), who tells her she is offered a manager position of a department store in paris. she turns it down, because of her love for richard. business forces julia and richard to work late at his house. julia meets richard's sister, gertrude, and his daughter, annabel, who is a very spoiled, out of control child. richard lets julia take over the house for a couple of hours, in which she "straightens out" the household. afterwards, she regrets all that she did at richard's house. she turns to martha, who says she'll take care of everything. martha talks to richard the next day, telling him that julia is leaving and taking the job in paris. richard is very upset, and wants to know why. she struggles to come up with excuses, and they take the afternoon off, during which richard and julia are married. when julia insists on being carried over the thresh-hold of his home. gertrude is not happy, and insists the marriage will not last. the next day, julia decides to stay home and attend to business there. the office is a complete disaster that day, in complete chaos. meanwhile, annabel has refused to eat anything while julia is in the house, but julia continues to outsmart and "befriends her, along with rodgers, a prospective business partner. gertrude continues to try and ruin the marriage. while julia and rodgers are working, annabel enters, and they all start singing. richard comes home and is very upset with julia. he would rather have her helping him get the business deal with rodgers. julia decides to go down to philadelphia and "get the rodgers place in order." but after a while annabelle wants julia to come home, so richard decides to go down to philadelphia and bring his wife back. the night before he arrives, julia and rodgers drink heavily and spend the night in the store front window singing. richard sees photos of the incident in the newspaper, and storms out of julia's hotel room after she insists he cares more about the store than about her. julia feels the marriage is over, and makes plans for a cruise to cuba and panama with rodgers. as she stops by home to pick up her things, annabel begs her to stay. richard, usually a teetotaller, has been getting drunk with his butler. when he finds out julia is in the house, he confronts her drunkenly, then pretends to have a gun in his pocket and forces her into a car being driven by the intoxicated butler. the car careens through the city to a brickyard, where richard picks up bricks, and then returns to the store. both he and julia throw bricks through the store window, laughing. as the police chase them, they rush to the pier, with the goal of departing on the cruise to cuba together.
corpus document988
shipmates forever
dick melville (powell) and june blackburn (keeler) meet during a naval review in new york harbor. though both come from navy families, dick aspires for a singing career and june, her father and brother both having been killed in the war, has vowed never to marry a navy man. admiral melville (stone), dick's father, is the new superintendent of the naval academy and his dearest wish is that his son follow in his footsteps as a naval officer. he maneuvers dick into enrolling as a midshipman by accusing him of being afraid of failing the entrance exams. though with no intent of accepting a commission, dick passes the tests and enters the academy to be near ruth, who teaches dance in annapolis. dick's roommates are "sparks" brown (alexander), a radio operator from the south; "coxswain" lawrence (arledge), a sailor appointed from the fleet; and "cowboy" lincoln (acuff), from the west. all of the plebes receive hazing from the upperclassmen, but dick is a special target of teasing because of his father and his fame as a singer. dick hates the academy and decides to leave until ruth encourages him to finish what he started. academically, he is at the head of his class, but he has made no friends. dick sticks it out but the admiral worries about his isolation, as one of the goals of the academy is to create bonds between the midshipmen. coxswain flunks out of school and castigates dick for his attitude. after ruth moves to new york to become a professional dancer, dick is more alone than ever. june returns for the annual ring dance but dick finds excuses not to allow her the tradition of placing his class ring on his finger. during dick's final summer cruise, coxswain is one of the ship's crew and proudly informs his former roommates that he has been accepted for readmission to the academy. his love of the navy makes dick uncomfortable and he places his ring on his finger one night on deck. during gunnery training, one of the ship's steam lines bursts and starts a boiler fire. coxswain tries to shut off the fuel leads and is overcome by smoke and fire. although dick tries to save him, coxswain is killed. both men are badly burned and dick is recognized as the survivor by his class ring. when he finally returns to the academy, dick is greeted enthusiastically by his classmates. he proudly leads the brigade of midshipmen at the graduation parade, about to become a new ensign.
corpus document989
a shot in the dark
a college student (charles starrett) discovers his roommate’s body hanging from a window and calls the police. what at first looks like suicide turns out to be murder. while a police investigation is ongoing, more students are killed.
corpus document990
the singing vagabond
at a st. louis opera house in 1860, a singer in blackface named jerry barton, known as "king of the minstrels", comes backstage and asks his sweetheart, lettie morgan (ann rutherford), to elope. lettie's aunt hortense, fearing that barton is a fortune hunter, tells lettie she is not the heiress she thought she was and that she has been living off her aunt's charity. with no fortune to hunt, barton informs lettie that an artist cannot be burdened with the responsibility of a wife. outside the opera house, lettie meets a chorus girl named honey (barbara pepper), who is preparing to leave with her theatrical troupe in a caravan heading west. when the troupe's producer mistakes lettie for the star, she joins the group as "mary varden". the troupe's wagon train is escorted by captain tex autry (gene autry) of the u.s. cavalry and his singing plainsmen. the troupe misses the wagon train, however, and must travel alone. on their way to san francisco, the caravan is ambushed by a gang of thieves. tex and his men arrive on the scene and following a gunfight, the gang is chased off. after tex saves lettie from a runaway wagon, he comments on the foolishness of risking his men's lives for a bunch of "crazy showgirls". angered by his insolence, lettie decides to walk rather than ride with tex. eventually she gets tired and asks tex if she can ride with him. the troupe arrives safely at fort henry, which is run by colonel seward (frank larue). an indian named young deer warns tex that chief white eagle is preparing to attack the army. when horses are stolen from the fort by a renegade named buck lacrosse (warner richmond), tex saves the horses. utah joe (allan sears), who is in league with chief white eagle, falsely accuses tex of complicity with the indians, and tex is soon arrested for treason. aunt hortense arrives with judge forsythe lane (niles welch), who hopes to marry lettie and use her money to run for president. aunt hortense encourages her to marry lane. lettie appeals to lane on tex's behalf, hinting that she will marry him if he will save tex. as the wagon train prepares to leave, lettie sadly says goodbye to tex, and lane promises to join lettie after the trial. however, lane double-crosses lettie and helps to secure tex's conviction. following his conviction and death sentence, tex escapes with the help of his friends. suspicious that utah joe has promised to supply chief white eagle with ammunition, tex orders his friend frog (smiley burnette) to join the wagon train to spy on utah joe. while the caravan camps, frog tells lettie that lane encouraged tex's conviction. honey, who has fallen in love with frog, tells lettie that lane was probably jealous of lettie's feelings for tex, but lettie denies loving the soldier. when utah joe announces plans to take a new route through kern valley, frog warns that the valley is filled with renegades and unfriendly indians. later that night tex arrives and overhears utah joe direct chief white eagle to the wagons stocked with gunpowder. tex pulls his gun on them, and a fight ensues, during which lacrosse arrives on the scene. as frog and tex try to fight off the renegades, the soldiers ride up. chief white eagle is shot during the scuffle, but utah joe escapes. lacrosse is arrested and, under the threat of a firing squad, confesses that utah joe instigated the horse stealing at the fort, while he let loose the clever black stallion who opened the corral gate. lacrosse also warns the caravan that utah joe is leading them into an ambush. as the caravan prepares to leave, utah joe, now dressed as an indian, sends a smoke signal, and the indians approach. frog is grazed by a bullet and inadvertently becomes attached to the underside of the runaway powder wagon. tex manages to save him, and igniting the wagon, sends it into a throng of indians. the indians retreat once the plainsmen arrive, and as the wagon train departs, tex and lettie kiss, with honey nursing frog behind the embracing couple.
corpus document991
special agent
newspaper reporter bill bradford is deputized as a treasury agent by the internal revenue bureau and assigned to find enough evidence to charge gangster alexander carston with tax evasion. he learns that carston's ledgers are kept in a code known only to his secretary, julie gardner. when she witnesses the murder of a man who double-crossed her boss, bill begs her to quit her job, but julie realizes she knows too much for carston to let her go. district attorney roger quinn pressures the murdered man's partner into testifying, but carston learns of the plan and the witness is murdered and carston is acquitted. julie is arrested as a material witness and decodes the books, but is kidnapped by carston's henchmen before she can testify. bill tricks carston into taking him where julie is being held, and the police trail them. a shootout follows and julie is rescued. her testimony sends carston to alcatraz, and she accepts bill's marriage proposal.
corpus document992
star of midnight
new york lawyer and playboy clay "dal" dalzell (william powell) is asked by old friend tim winthrop (leslie fenton) to locate his girlfriend alice, who mysteriously disappeared in chicago a year ago. winthrop cannot stop thinking about her and believes she is in new york. along with donna mantin (ginger rogers), who has romantic designs on him, "dal" attends a hit stage show called "midnight" that stars a masked actress, mary smith (bess flowers), who vanishes in mid-performance when winthrop recognizes her and blurts out the name alice. gossip columnist tommy tennant (russell hopton) claims to have discovered a vital clue to the mystery, but before he can reveal it, he is shot in dal's suite. dal is the main suspect, but inspector doremus does not believe him to be guilty, and gives the resourceful lawyer the freedom to investigate on his own. dal negotiates with gangster kinland to retrieve letters embarrassing to donna. when he gets them (using a bit of blackmail), he is annoyed to discover that they actually belong to a friend of donna's. dal runs into an old flame, jerry (vivien oakland), now wed to a lawyer named classon (ralph morgan). classon, it turns out, is also searching for alice; she can provide an alibi for his client, convicted of a murder in chicago. dal sets up a trap in a greenwich village apartment, pretending to have located the missing mary there and notifying each of the suspects that she is leaving there to meet him at his suite. he reasons that those who are innocent will go to his suite, while the murderer heads to the apartment to silence mary. the killer indeed turns up, in disguise, putting dal and donna in grave danger. fortunately, dal and inspector doremus (j. farrell macdonald) are able to subdue the culprit. it is robert classon. it turns out that jerry had carried on affairs, first with the chicago murder victim, then with his accused killer. robert classon killed one of his wife's lovers and tried to frame the other. to achieve the latter, he also needed to silence alice, unaware that she had fled to avoid testifying. she hated the convicted man for ruining her father. with everything wrapped up, dal finally gives in and marries donna.
corpus document993
streamline express
broadway star patricia wallace (evelyn venable) quits her broadway show to run off with wealthy fred arnold (ralph forbes). her director jimmy hart (victor jory) follows them aboard a super-speed monorail, the streamline express. meanwhile, also aboard is john bradley (clay clement) and his mistress elaine vincent (esther ralston), but bradley's wife mary (erin o'brien-moore) ends up on the train as well. when elaine gives her crooked pal gilbert landon (sidney blackmer) a diamond pendant given her by bradley, in order to keep landon quiet about her past, she pretends the pendant was stolen, in hopes of hiding the truth from bradley. but landon manages to throw suspicion on jimmy hart, who is masquerading as a steward. it takes confessions by several people to resolve everyone's dilemmas.
corpus document994
sweet music
bonnie haydon (ann dvorak) is an aspiring star, who is often paired with skip houston (rudy vallée) by coincidence, much to her dismay. they taunt each other in a very screwball style, but overtime she learns that she has houston to thank for her success.
corpus document995
sylvia scarlett
sylvia scarlett (katharine hepburn) and her father, henry (edmund gwenn), flee france one step ahead of the police. henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler. while on the channel ferry, they meet a "gentleman adventurer", jimmy monkley (cary grant), who partners with them in his con games.
corpus document996
a tale of two cities
on the eve of the french revolution, lucie manette (elizabeth allan) is informed that her father (henry b. walthall) is not dead, but has been a prisoner in the bastille for many long years before finally being released. she travels to paris to take her father to her home in england. dr. manette has been taken care of by a friend, ernest defarge (mitchell lewis), and his wife (blanche yurka). the old man's mind has given way during his long ordeal, but lucie's tender care begins to restore his sanity. on the trip across the english channel, lucie meets charles darnay (donald woods), a french aristocrat who, unlike his unfeeling uncle, the marquis de st. evremonde (basil rathbone), is sympathetic to the plight of the downtrodden french masses. darnay is framed for treason, but is saved by the cleverness of the dissolute lawyer sydney carton (ronald colman). carton goes drinking with barsad (walter catlett), the main prosecution witness, and tricks him into admitting that he lied. when barsad is called to testify, he is horrified to discover that carton is one of the defense attorneys and grudgingly allows that he might have been mistaken. darnay is released. carton is thanked by lucie, who had been a witness at the trial. he quickly falls in love with her, but realizes it is hopeless. lucie eventually marries darnay, and they have a daughter. by this time, the reign of terror has engulfed france. the long-suffering commoners vent their fury on the aristocrats, condemning scores daily to madame guillotine. darnay is tricked into returning to paris and arrested. dr. manette pleads for mercy for his son-in-law, but madame defarge, seeking revenge against all the evremondes, regardless of guilt or innocence, convinces the tribunal to sentence him to death with a letter dr. manette wrote exposing the guilt of darnay's uncle, marquis de st. evremonde. while trying to comfort the family, carton knows that they are themselves in grave danger. when lorry tries to convince him otherwise, carton tells him that he is aware that madame defarge will stop at nothing just to get the vengeance she craves for. this is evident when carton noticed her behavior in having the vengeance give lucie's daughter a miniature guillotine during their trip at defarge's and which he confiscated. he comes up with a desperate rescue plan to stop her. he first persuades lucie and her friends to leave paris by promising to save darnay. next he confronts an old acquaintance, barsad, now an influential man in the french government, to enable him to visit darnay in jail. when he refuses to cooperate, carton blackmails him into doing what he asks by threatening to reveal his secret about being a paid spy for the marquis to the tribunal if he doesn't allow him to see darnay. there, carton drugs the prisoner unconscious, switches places with him, and finishes the letter to lucie to be put in his jacket pocket. barsad and the guard has darnay carried out to be reunited with his family. madame defarge, her thirst for vengeance still unsatisfied, goes to have lucie and her daughter arrested, only to find that they have fled with dr. manette. when she finds out they're gone after searching the rooms, madame defarge tries to flee. she is confronted by miss pross (edna may oliver), lucie's devoted servant who locks her inside in an attempt to prevent her from warning the populace. in the ensuing struggle, madame defarge is killed by miss pross. she clutches her ear and runs from the scene. meanwhile, only a condemned seamstress (isabel jewell) notices carton's substitution, but keeps quiet. she draws comfort in his heroism as they ride in the same cart to the execution place. as the camera rises just before the blade falls, carton's voice is heard, saying, "it's a far, far better thing i do than i have ever done. it's a far, far better rest i go to than i have ever known."
corpus document997
texas terror
sheriff john higgins quits and goes into prospecting after he thinks he has killed his best friend in shooting it out with robbers. he encounters his dead buddy's daughter and helps her run lazy end ranch. then she finds out about his past.
corpus document998
thanks a million
stranded in a small town in a downpour, the manager of a traveling musical show (fred allen) convinces the handlers of a boring long-winded local judge running for governor (raymond walburn) to hire his group to attract people to the politician's rallies. when the show's crooner, eric land (dick powell), upstages the judge, he's fired, but on a return visit he saves the day by standing in for the judge, who is too drunk to speak. impressed by his poise, the party's bosses ask eric to take over as candidate. the singer, knowing he has no chance to win, agrees for the exposure and the radio airtime in which he can showcase his singing. soon, though, his girlfriend sally (ann dvorak) becomes annoyed at the amount of time eric is spending with the wife of one of the bosses, and she leaves when she thinks he has lied to her. when the bosses ask eric to agree to patronage appointments that will lead to easy graft for all of them, he exposes them on the radio, telling the voters that voting for him would be a huge mistake and urging them to vote for his opponent. at the end eric is, of course, elected governor, then reunited with sally.
corpus document999
the three musketeers
callow youth d'artagnan (walter abel) sets off from gascony for paris, armed with his father's sword, an old horse and a letter of introduction to his godfather, captain de treville (lumsden hare), commander of the king's musketeers. along the way, he attempts to rescue milady de winter (margot grahame) from highwaymen, but it turns out she came to meet their leader, the count de rochefort (ian keith). when rochefort insults d'artagnan, the latter insists on a duel. instead, rochefort has his men knock out d'artagnan, while he blackmails lady de winter into helping him in his plot to seize power. upon reaching paris, d'artagnan is dismayed to learn from de treville that he must serve two years as a cadet or perform "extraordinary deeds of valor" before he can become a musketeer. then he spots rochefort on the street. in his haste to confront his enemy, d'artagnan unintentionally insults three musketeers: athos (paul lukas), porthos (moroni olsen), and aramis (onslow stevens) in turn, agreeing each time to a duel. when his opponents arrive at the appointed place, they are amused to discover they are all engaged to cross swords with the same man. however, cardinal richelieu's guards try to arrest the musketeers for dueling. d'artagnan joins the outnumbered trio and acquits himself well. his three new friends secure him free lodging by threatening landlord bernajou (murray kinnell) with an imaginary law and find him a servant named planchet (john qualen). that night, d'artagnan is pleasantly surprised when bernajou's ward constance (heather angel) enters the room. it turns out that it is actually her chamber, though she is rarely there, as she spends most of her time at the palace as lady-in-waiting to the queen. constance has arranged a rendezvous between queen anne (rosamond pinchot) and her lover, the english duke of buckingham (ralph forbes). buckingham threatens to wage war to obtain anne, but she dissuades him by appealing to his love; she gives him her diamonds as a pledge for peace. bernajou, lusting for constance and suspicious of her meeting a lover,[2] has hidden in an armoire and witnesses their meeting. he is arrested and reveals the details to rochefort, who is in league with richelieu to bring about the queen's downfall and thus thwart buckingham. rochefort lies to richelieu that the queen gave her diamonds to start a war between france and england, and they arrange it so that she must appear wearing the diamonds at the king's anniversary ball eight days hence. when d'artagnan finds out from constance the queen's danger, he decides to ride to england and retrieve the jewelry. de treville assigns him help: athos, porthos, and aramis. alerted by bernajou, rochefort sends his men to attack them along the way. one by one, the others remain behind to hold off their enemies, and only d'artagnan reaches calais, where he discovers that lady de winter has killed buckingham's valet and stolen the diamonds. she is not fooled by his attempt to gain her confidence and has her men tie him up and throw him in her carriage. she stops at an inn on her journey back to paris; by chance it is where the musketeers had agreed to rendezvous. they free d'artagnan and take lady de winter prisoner, after which athos reveals that the murderess is his wife. at athos's ancestral home, where constance is waiting, lady de winter throws herself into the river. at the ball, d'artagnan unmasks rochefort as a traitor, producing a secret treaty taken from lady de winter and offered by rochefort to buckingham in which the king and richelieu would be assassinated. hearing that d'artagnan is just a cadet, the king immediately makes him a musketeer.
corpus document1000
thunder in the night
torok, a police captain in budapest, is pleased when his friend, count peter alvinczy, is elected to the presidency of the government's cabinet. alvinczy is married to madalaine, whose first husband, paul szegedy, long believed to be dead, turns up and threatens to publicly embarrass alvinczy by revealing his wife to be already married. szegedy's mistress and partner in a theatrical act, katherine szabo, tries in vain to change his mind, even telling torok at the police precinct what is occurring. he goes through with the scheme to blackmail madalaine and is soon found dead by torok, shot through the heart on the street. madelaine becomes the prime suspect in torok's investigation and is placed under arrest. her husband confesses to the murder, trying to protect her. torok, however, deduces that katherine, a sharpshooter in their performing act, picked up a gun in the police station when no one was looking and, through a window, shot her lover. found out, katherine kills herself. torok then releases madalaine, promising to keep her secret and protect his friend.
corpus document1001
top hat
an american dancer, jerry travers (fred astaire) comes to london to star in a show produced by the bumbling horace hardwick (edward everett horton). while practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens dale tremont (ginger rogers) on the floor below. she storms upstairs to complain, whereupon jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over london. dale mistakes jerry for horace, who is married to her friend madge (helen broderick). following the success of jerry's opening night in london, jerry follows dale to venice, where she is visiting madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by alberto beddini (erik rhodes), a dandified italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms. jerry proposes to dale, who, while still believing that jerry is horace, is disgusted that her friend's husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry alberto. fortunately, bates (eric blore), horace's meddling english valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; horace had sent bates to keep tabs on dale. on a trip in a gondola, jerry manages to convince dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. the reconciled couple dance off into the venetian sunset, to the tune of "the piccolino".[9]
corpus document1002
traveling saleslady
angela twitchell (joan blondell) daughter of rufus twitchell (grant mitchell) the founder of twitchell's toothpaste wants to work for her father's new york company. but her father is convinced that women have no place in the business. rufus is losing sales to rival company own by schmidts (al shean). but rufus is too stubborn to listen to any new ideas or mount a new advertising campaign. angela tries to help her father by bringing an idea for a cocktail flavored toothpaste and when he refuses to listen, she takes the idea to schmidt. schmidt loves the idea and hires her under an assumed name to sell the product. angela first customer claudette (glenda farrell) the head of a chain of pharmacy is committed to twitchell's company, because she is in love with the company's salesman pat o'connor (william gargan). on the road, angela plans to outsell pat. when she suspects that pat is taking an early train in order to make a sale on board the train, she boards the train and beats him to the customer. however, pat and angela falls in love, but pat still does not know angela's true identity. back in new york, pat and rufus plan their strategy for the upcoming chicago pharmacy's convention, but once again, angela uses every tactic to steal sales away from twitchell's company. pat accuses her of unethical behavior and refuses to see her again. rufus and schmidt discuss a merger, but plans are stalled until angela reminds them that she owns the rights to cocktail toothpaste and will only turn them over to a merged company. late, angela makes up with pat.
corpus document1003
two for tonight
crosby is cast as gilbert, one of three half-brothers, gilbert, buster and pooch, sons of the much-married. debt-ridden, widow mrs. smythe. while the broker's men are removing the furniture he sings a song he has composed 'takes two to make a bargain' (including parody lines, 'did you ever see a piano walking' and 'pianni doesn't live here anymore'). in an endeavor to sell the song to alexander myers, a song publisher, gilbert hides in a tree beneath which myers is resting. gilbert is unaware that the publisher is completely deaf and, to add to his troubles, when he starts singing a plane circles above and then crashes into the tree. he is injured but after a few days, whilst pushing him in an invalid chair, his mother tells him that she has sued the pilot who is to pay 50,000 dollars compensation for preventing gilbert from completing his musical play. he protests that he never had any play and they then encounter the pilot, bobbie, who says she will pay the money at 15 dollars per week from her salary as secretary to harry kling the theatrical producer. bobbie arranges an appointment for gilbert to see kling who, when they arrive, is having trouble finding a suitable play for his actress girlfriend lilly. gilbert tries to explain to him the details of the accident but kling thinks he is outlining a play and tells him to have it finished by the time kling returns from paris in seven days. with a group of actors gilbert takes over kling's long island estate to write a musical play called 'two for tonight'. he sings 'from the top of your head' to bobbie but running out of ideas for the play is advised by homps, the butler, to 'go out and meet life' to get material for the second act. homps is an ex-theatrical producer from budapest who is waiting for money that will come to him on the death of his uncle ludwig. to follow homps' suggestion, bobbie tries to persuade gilbert to take her to dinner but lilly intervenes and after he sings 'without a word of warning' to bobbie, lilly takes him to the purple cafe. he becomes impatient with waiting for something to happen which can be introduced into his play and, after tripping up a waiter, rings the police and tells them to come to the purple cafe. they mistake him for a crazy fellow, benny the goof, who gilbert meets at the cafe and together they start a battle with soda-water syphons which eventually involves everyone, including the police, in a riot. gilbert lands in jail where bobbie visits him and is serenaded with 'i wish i were aladdin' by gilbert and a chorus of prisoners. released from his cell, gilbert resumes rehearsal and a love scene with lilly is misinterpreted by bobbie and kling arriving from europe. bobbie walks out and kling says that the play is off. homps, however, now reveals that his uncle has died, he has inherited the money and that he will finance and produce the play. gilbert pursues bobbie, declares his devotion and, after he reprises 'without a word of warning' she returns for a happy ending. homps and mrs. smythe are arm-in-arm and she seems destined for yet another marriage. [2]
corpus document1004
tumbling tumbleweeds
gene autry (gene autry) returns to his home after a five-year absence as a singing cowboy with a group of strolling players that includes smiley (smiley burnette) and eightball (eugene jackson), who sell dr. parker's painless panacea. gene's father, a cattle barron and one of the original "nesters" in the west, was recently murdered during a conflict with his landlord. while at an abandoned nester's cabin, the group is held up by harry brooks (cornelius keefe), whom gene recognizes as his old friend. wounded and semi-delirious, harry induces gene to hide him from the posse headed by sheriff manley (george burton). the deputy later returns and tries to shoot harry, but gene chases him away. in town, the deputy reports to barney craven (edward hearn), leader of a gang which is trying to silence harry. meanwhile, gene and his friends set up a performance in town, but it is interrupted by craven's men, who report that harry is wanted for the murder of gene's father. hastening to harry's home, gene confronts his former sweetheart janet, now harry's wife, and meets janet's younger sister jerry (lucile browne), whom he had only known as a girl. they assure gene of harry's innocence and reveal that harry and gene's father were about to sign a settlement over disputed water rights. now suspicious of craven, gene captures craven, the deputy, and their cohorts by a series of clever ruses that land them in jail, and thereby vindicates harry. gene and jerry marry and join smiley and eightball on the departing parker wagon.[2]
corpus document1005
vagabond lady
irresponsible, happy-go-lucky tony spear returns home to the united states and his family after years of sailing throughout the orient with his crewman corky nye. his wealthy department store owner father r. d. spear and brother john are fearful of what damage he will do to their reputations as staid, respected businessmen, remembering what happened the last time. john has some news for his brother; he has just proposed marriage to jo spiggins, who grew up with them both and is now a valued and trusted store employee. tony is delighted, at first. when john has to go away on a business trip, he asks tony to use his influence to persuade jo to accept his proposal. jo's father "spiggy" spiggins, a store manager and classmate of r. d.'s, does not think john is a good match for his daughter, preferring tony as a son-in-law. when he sees how much happier she is after she goes out with tony, he tries to get tony to marry jo himself, but the young man is not interested in matrimony and views jo more as a sister. as time goes on, however, he begins to come around to spiggins' viewpoint. jo warms to him too, until they go to a diving exhibition. first, she does not like it when tony invites two female friends and their dates to their table. then tony gets drunk and dives off the board himself while dressed in formal evening clothes. after that, she stalks off. when tony runs after her, some men try to restrain him; he starts a fight and is jailed. jo then accepts john's proposal. spiggins tries to sabotage the wedding by getting drunk and hiding out on tony's sailboat, the vagabond lady, figuring if he is not there to give his daughter away, they cannot proceed. jo tracks him down and assumes (as spiggins had plotted) that it is tony who is trying to derail the ceremony. despite their mutual hostility toward each other, tony offers to sail her to the wedding in westport, giving them enough time to get her father sober. on the way, tony tells corky to throw him overboard if he so much as touches jo. when corky gets drunk (with spiggins) and a storm comes up, tony has to get jo to help him sail the boat. they quarrel, but it ends with him kissing her. a drunk corky sees this, and after jo goes below, he sneaks up behind tony and kicks him off the boat. the next morning, corky has only a hazy memory of what happened, but tells jo that tony has a habit of leaving him to deal with women he abandoned. jo believes him and decides goes through with the wedding. however, tony (having hijacked a fishing boat that picked him up) manages to get there just in time to persuade his brother that jo would not be respectable enough for his career and reputation. tony then drags a delighted jo away.
corpus document1006
way down east
the story centers upon a starving, impoverished gamin who lost everything after a wicked millionaire tricked her into a marriage and impregnated her. the baby doesn't survive the ordeal and the poor girl ends up sheltered by a puritanical farm family. while there, she falls in love with the son.[1]
corpus document1007
the wedding night
new york novelist tony barrett (gary cooper) and his wife dora (helen vinson) have accumulated serious debts as a result of their fast and affluent lifestyle in the big city. when tony approaches his publisher expecting an advance on his newest novel, he is told that success has gone to his head and the novel is unpublishable. with few options available, tony and dora move to his family's run-down farm in connecticut, where they meet his neighbors: a polish farmer, jan novak (sig ruman), and his beautiful daughter, manya (anna sten). looking to expand his own property, mr. novak offers tony $5,000 for a field bordering the novak farm, and the author eagerly accepts. with their finances replenished, dora returns to new york, leaving tony at the farm, where he intends to write a new novel inspired by the novaks and their friends. sometime later, tony and manya are at his house discussing her betrothal to fredrik (ralph bellamy), the young man chosen by her father to be her husband. a drunken tony tells manya that she is not in love with the young man, and makes suggestive remarks that anger her. the following day, tony apologizes to manya and the two begin a close friendship. after tony's servant leaves to return to new york, manya begins spending more time at tony's farm and the two fall in love, just like the characters in his new novel, stephen and sonya. fredrik soon learns that manya has been seeing tony at his farm, and he and her father forbid her from seeing tony again. ignoring their orders, manya continues to spend time with the novelist at his house. one evening, a snow storm prevents manya from returning home. the next morning, mr. novak angrily confronts tony at his farm. later, he demands that manya marry fredrik the following monday. when manya tells him that she will not spend her life being an unpaid servant like her mother, novak slaps her. later that day, dora arrives back at the farm, telling her husband that she missed him terribly during their separation. dora hears stories about the previous night, and hopes that they mean nothing. when she reads his new manuscript, however, she suspects that the love affair between the characters of stephen and sonya reflect her husband's own feelings for manya. on the night before her wedding, manya goes to see tony, but finds dora instead. the two speak about tony's new novel and how it will end—both realizing that they are really speaking about their own lives. dora tells manya that she is sure that stephen's wife will not give up her husband, but that she would feel sorry for sonya. manya tells her about the upcoming wedding, and then leaves. when tony returns home, he asks dora for a divorce, but she refuses, telling him that his novel should end with sonya marrying her polish fiancé. the next day, after learning that manya and fredrik are getting married, tony goes to the wedding party and dances with manya. later, a drunken fredrik, angered by his fiancé's lack of passion and interest on their wedding night, storms out of their bedroom and goes to tony's house to confront the man he suspects is to blame. manya follows him to tony's house, where she attempts to stop fredrik from fighting with tony on the stairs. during the struggle, manya falls down the stairs and is seriously injured. tony carries her to the parlor, where he tells her he loves her, just before she dies. later, dora tells tony that he can now see manya privately. gazing out the window, tony tells her about how full of life manya was and imagines that she is waving to him.
corpus document1008
welcome home
elmdale's chamber of commerce is all but broke. a decision is made to spend what remains of the budget on a reunion that hopefully will entice one of america's wealthiest men, andrew anstruther, to return to the place of his birth and build a new factory there. con men get wind of it. dickie foster, a gambler, is one. he and his partners, a fake bond salesman, giltedge, and a gold-tooth-stealing dentist called painless, have already taken the town for $10,000 in bogus bonds. "gorgeous," his girlfriend, believes in dickie, but when he goes to elmdale, he becomes smitten with local girl susan adams. anstruther takes a liking to dickie, but giltedge bilks the millionaire out of $36,000 for worthless bonds. dickie bets on a horse for susan's sake to win the money back, but the horse loses. the crooks are charged with murder after anstruther vanishes, but he turns up just in time to vouch for dickie as a friend. after he learns susan has a boyfriend, dickie goes back to the arms of gorgeous, who tells him, "welcome home."
corpus document1009
we're in the money
ginger stewart (joan blondell) and dixie tilton (glenda farrell) are offered $1000 by ditsy lawyer homer bronson (hugh herbert) to serve subpoenas on reluctant witnesses for a breach of promise lawsuit brought by claire leclaire against wealthy c. richard courtney (ross alexander). they have a deadline, as a new state law will take effect in a few weeks banning such suits. unbeknownst to ginger, she already knows the defendant; she and courtney, masquerading as a chauffeur named carter, have fallen in love. courtney himself does not know that ginger is a process server. through trickery, ginger and dixie manage to serve papers on three of their wary targets: nightclub singer phil logan (phil regan), gangster 'butch' gonzola, and professional wrestler man mountain dean, the last in the middle of a bout with chief pontiac. courtney, on the advice of his lawyer, stephen dinsmore (henry o'neill), prepares to sail away to safety on his yacht. however, ginger jumps out of a motorboat piloted by the erratic bronson and pretends to be in distress. she is rescued by courtney's crewmen. she and courtney finally learn each other's true identity, but eventually admit they love each other and decide to get married. ginger sends a message to dixie, asking her to bring a few things she will need for the honeymoon. however, dixie assumes her partner is merely luring courtney in, and when the couple set foot on the dock, dixie serves the last subpoena. courtney also assumes ginger was merely acting and angrily breaks up with her. at the trial, bronson produces a photograph showing leclaire cosily nestled in courtney's lap. courtney agrees to marry leclaire. later, however, bronson confides to ginger and dixie that he faked the picture by combining two others. ginger rushes over and stops the wedding ceremony just in time. she and courtney then reconcile.
corpus document1010
werewolf of london
wilfred glendon (henry hull) is a wealthy and world-renowned english botanist who journeys to tibet in search of the elusive mariphasa plant. while there, he is attacked and bitten by a creature later revealed to be a werewolf, although he succeeds in acquiring a specimen of the mariphasa. once back home in london he is approached by a fellow botanist, dr. yogami (warner oland), who claims to have met him in tibet while also seeking the mariphasa. yogami warns glendon that the bite of a werewolf would cause him to become a werewolf as well, adding that the mariphasa is a temporary antidote for the disease. glendon does not believe the mysterious yogami. that is, not until he begins to experience the first pangs of lycanthropy, first when his hand grows fur beneath the rays of his moon lamp (which he is using in an effort to entice the mariphasa to bloom), and later that night during the first full moon. the first time, glendon is able to use a blossom from the mariphasa to stop his transformation. his wife lisa (valerie hobson) is away at her aunt ettie's party with her friend, former childhood sweetheart paul ames (lester matthews), allowing the swiftly transforming glendon to make his way unhindered to his at-home laboratory, in the hopes of acquiring the mariphasa's flowers to quell his lycanthropy a second time. unfortunately dr. yogami, who is also a werewolf, sneaks into the lab ahead of his rival and steals the only two blossoms. as the third has not bloomed, glendon is out of luck. driven by an instinctive desire to hunt and kill, he dons his hat and coat and ventures out into the dark city, killing an innocent girl. burdened by remorse, glendon begins neglecting lisa (more so than usual), and makes numerous futile attempts to lock himself up far away from home, including renting a room at an inn. however, whenever he transforms into the werewolf he escapes and kills again. after a time, the third blossom of the mariphasa finally blooms, but much to glendon's horror, it is stolen by yogami, sneaking into the lab while glendon's back is turned. catching yogami in the act, glendon finally realizes that yogami was the werewolf that attacked him in tibet. after turning into the werewolf yet again and slaying yogami, glendon goes to the house in search of lisa, for the werewolf instinctively seeks to destroy that which it loves the most. after attacking paul on the front lawn of glendon manor, but not killing him, glendon breaks into the house and corners lisa on the staircase and is about to move in for the kill when paul's uncle, col. sir thomas forsythe (lawrence grant) of scotland yard, arriving with several police officers in tow, shoots glendon once. as he lies dying at the bottom of the stairs, glendon, still in werewolf form, speaks: first to thank col. forsythe for the merciful bullet, then saying goodbye to lisa, apologizing that he could not have made her happier. glendon then dies, reverting to his human form in death.
corpus document1011
west point of the air
at randolph field, texas, master sergeant "big mike" stone (wallace beery) has aspirations for his son, "little mike" (robert young) to follow in his footsteps as an aviator. following graduation from west point, little mike, along with his best friend, phil carter (russell hardie), enter pilot training at randolph field, commanded by phil's father, general carter (lewis stone), but complications soon arise. little mike has a childhood sweetheart, phil's sister, "skip" (maureen o'sullivan) but is also being pursued by divorcee dare marshall (rosalind russell). returning from a late date with dare the next morning, little mike's car causes phil to crash during his solo flight, which ends with phil losing a leg. seeing what may happen after a crash, general carter orders all the flying cadets into the air so they won't lose their nerve. little mike, blaming himself for his friend's accident, loses control during a flight check while landing in a cross-wind, destroying his landing gear and causing another aircraft flown by his friend "jasky" jaskarelli (robert taylor) to crash in flames. big mike takes to the sky to bring his son back safely but strikes him when little mike breaks down in hysterics. big mike is court-martialed and dishonorably discharged from the service. having lost his nerve and planning to resign from the army, little mike comes upon his father, now a drunk and toiling as a mechanic. trying to help his son once again, big mike takes his place on a flare dropping mission flying his own aircraft, a beat up old war surplus airplane. the plane breaks up under the stress of a diving maneuver. big mike crashes into the water, and his son comes to his aid in a daring underwater rescue and proves his mettle. the secretary of war recognizes both men's valor, reinstates big mike to his former rank, and allows little mike to graduate. dare disapproves of little mike staying in the army, but he rejects her, realizing that skip is his true love.
corpus document1012
westward ho
john wyatt (john wayne) vows to avenge the death of his parents at the hands of cattle rustlers. years later, wyatt is put in charge of a band of vigilantes, bent on rounding up a gang of outlaws. he discovers that one of the bandits is his own long-lost brother jim wyatt (frank mcglynn jr.) this revelation eventually leads john to the men responsible for the slaughter of his family.[2]
corpus document1013
whipsaw
thieves ed dexter and harry ames are trying to steal some valuable pearls. when ed discovers another gang, led by "doc" evans, has the same idea, he tips off the police to get rid of the competition. then ed and harry get what they were after. when the authorities connect vivian to the robbery (she had worked with ed and harry in the past, but not on this theft), government agent ross mcbride is assigned to get vivian to lead him to her partners by pretending to be a crook named danny ackerman. however, vivian quickly realizes ross is a plant. nonetheless, she plays along, as the other bunch of crooks is following her. meanwhile, ed has hidden the pearls in the handle of vivian's hand mirror without her knowledge. on their travels, ross and vivian stop at a farmhouse, where they help the distraught dabsons with the birth of twins. ross and vivian gradually fall in love with each other. when he overhears her phoning ed to tell him she is quitting her life of crime, he is at a loss what to do, "whipsawed" as he calls it. he confesses to her that he is government agent; she reveals that she already knows. he then embraces her, but drops the mirror he was holding, revealing the pearls. he does not believe her protestations of innocence. evans and his gang find ed and harry and force the story out of them at gunpoint. then evans, his associate steve and ed go to pick up the loot. hearing the ruckus, ross manages to toss the pearls out the window just before they break into the bedroom where he and vivian are staying (pretending to be a newly married couple, but sleeping in separate beds). vivian tells them that she found the pearls, and her "husband" claims he hid them in st. louis. they set out for the city; ross manages to take along his gun undetected. ross suggests they stop at a roadside cafe for breakfast, then sends vivian to the ladies' room. with her out of danger, he pulls out his gun, and they all start shooting. vivian warns him as ed sneaks to the side and is just about to get a clear shot at him. the two men shoot each other. state troopers passing by gain control of the situation. afterward, ross exonerates vivian from his hospital bed by having her answer questions "yes" or "no", nothing else, in the presence of his boss and a stenographer. once that is done, she grills him in turn, making him admit he loves her. he has one more question for her, but she already knows what it is and answers "yes".
corpus document1014
the white cockatoo
in a secluded french hotel, a large inheritance is the motivation for threats and kidnappings.
corpus document1015
the whole town's talking
arthur ferguson jones (edward g. robinson) and wilhelmina "bill" clark (jean arthur) work at the same advertising firm. jones turns out to look exactly like the notorious bank robber "killer" mannion (also robinson) and is apprehended by the police. after his true identity is confirmed, the district attorney gives jones a letter identifying him, so that he can avoid the same trouble in future. jones becomes a local celebrity and, at the behest of his boss (paul harvey), begins ghost-writing mannion's "autobiography", with good-natured but street-wise wilhelmina voluntarily acting as his "talent agent" to see that he gets paid. mannion decides to take advantage of his mild-mannered doppelgänger and, ultimately, leave jones "holding the bag" for mannion's crimes. he kidnaps wilhelmina, jones' visiting aunt, and a few others, and takes them back to his hideout. he instructs jones to make a large deposit for mannion's mother's benefit at the first national bank, where police detectives are expecting mannion to make another robbery attempt. fortunately for jones, he forgets to bring the check and unwittingly leads the police back to mannion's hideout. upon his arrival, jones is mistaken for mannion by the waiting henchmen and quickly realizes that he is meant to be the fall guy. when mannion returns unexpectedly, jones orders the men to shoot mannion. the police arrive in time to capture the rest of the gang. with mannion dead, jones collects a reward and takes a long-desired cruise to shanghai with wilhelmina.
corpus document1016
wings in the dark
skywriter and stunt pilot sheila mason (myrna loy) who has to work as a barnstormer because women were not allowed to be active in other aviation fields, is attracted to ace pilot ken gordon (cary grant). ken is trying to perfect instrument flying (flying "blind"), with his own design of an autopilot. he has devoted four years to perfecting the system and even mortgaged his aircraft to get funds to finance his experiments. before being able to prove his invention works, while sheila mason helps him prepare for the decisive flight, cooking him coffee, the stove has problems to get the flame. he tries to help her, but the gas around inflames right in his eyes. he is blinded at least temporarily, but the doctors can't say how long. when ken retreats from the world, mac (hobart cavanaugh), his friend and partner, brings him lightning, a seeing eye dog. [note 1] he first resists any efforts to help him but with his dog, he learns to navigate his household and soon keeps busy by writing aviation articles. sheila, who has fallen in love with ken, does not tell him that the articles are all being rejected. she gives him money to survive by taking on dangerous stunts arranged by her manager, nick williams (roscoe karns). ken finally regains his confidence and continues to work on his autopilot when the rockwell aviation company based at roosevelt field, near new york, repossesses his aircraft for lack of payments. distraught, ken accuses sheila of falling for him out of pity and sends her away. she plans a solo flight from moscow to new york to win a $25,000 prize so she and ken can marry. her last stage from boston to new york finds sheila nearly out of fuel and running into bad weather. her only navigating system was to look down from the aircraft to see where she was, but over roosevelt field, the fog is so heavy that she may not be able to land. with help from mac, ken sneaks into his old aircraft and takes off, using his autopilot to help sheila land. while in the air ken talks with sheila about his desperation of being blind and not having any future. his intention is to bring her to the ground and then fly until he has no fuel and crashes. sheila tries to dissuade him, but he is determined. the two pilots make it down, but sheila deliberately crashes into ken's aircraft to make sure that he will not fly it to kill himself. a huge crowd has gathered at the airport. as the two greet the public and the press, ken sees flashes of light from the exploding flash bulbs of the photographers. ken and sheila embrace as their car continues through the throng of well-wishers.
corpus document1017
the woman in red
shelby barret is a stable hand who rides show horses for snobbish wealthy widow mrs. nicholas, nicknamed nicko. she meets johnny wyatt, the destitute son of a once-wealthy long island family who plays polo for nicko. nouveau-riche gene fairchild, a horseman who rides his own entries, is in love with shelby, while nicko is in love with johnny, who has curried her favour. however, despite their efforts, shelby and johnny fall in love, and nicko and fairchild are jealous of their budding relationship. nicko fires shelby, which only encourages johnny to leave her employ, and they elope to marry. johnny brings shelby home to wyattville, the town named for his family, but his snobbish family does not approve of shelby and treat her frigidly. they frown even more when the newlyweds start a business handling the horses of wealthy neighbours. shelby had been expecting a loan from her grandfather in kentucky to start the business, but when he is unable to provide the money, shelby borrows from fairchild without telling the proud but broke johnny. nicko soon shows up and starts gossip against shelby, which does not help matters. when johnny is away fairchild invites shelby aboard his yacht to help him entertain a wealthy client. she tries to contact johnny, but when that fails she accepts the invitation. the client and his female companion, chorus girl olga, show up drunk. olga accidentally falls overboard and drowns, and fairchild is accused of her murder. he intends to keep shelby out of the case although it looks bad for him, while shelby is afraid of scandal. while the case is in progress, with one of the ship's officers saying that he saw fairchild leaving the ship with a mysterious "woman in red," the wyatt family talk about the case. shelby snaps and confesses that she is the woman in question. she shows up at the court at the last minute to provide witness. the wyatt family also comes to the court to defend her, if only to protect the family name. shelby tells the court it was her, and thus she saves fairchild. she knows that in making her confession she is risking her marriage, and wonders whether johnny will understand and forgive her, although she has done nothing to be forgiven for. eugene proposes that shelby divorce johnny and marry him, but shelby admits she still loves her husband. in the end, shelby and johnny are reconciled, and johnny chooses her love over his family acceptance.
corpus document1018
36 hours to kill
template:section edited duke and jeanie benson, an outlaw couple hiding out under assumed names in a calm, suburban community, read a newspaper article about a sweepstakes winner who has not yet claimed his prize. duke realizes that he has the winning ticket and will win $150,000 if he can cash it in without getting apprehended. fed up with suburban life, duke decides to board a train to kansas city, where he bought the ticket, while jeanie plans to fly there and get a "stooge" to cash in the ticket. at the train station, reporter frank evers boards the train and starts a conversation with duke, who calls himself "downey." at san bernadino, anne marvis boards the train, followed by doyle, a process server. finding the door to duke's room open, anne hides in his bed, and when duke sees doyle enter in pursuit, he pulls a gun on doyle, who says that he mistook duke's "wife" for the woman he was after. duke is attracted to anne, as is frank. when jeanie gets on the train because her plane was grounded, she suspects that duke and anne are having an affair and pulls a gun on them; however, duke calms her fears by introducing frank as anne's husband. anne and frank go along with the ruse. sometime later, frank accompanies the conductor to a room next to duke's, where they listen through a surveillance device to duke and jeanie bicker about their plans to have the "boys" meet him in kansas city. frank, in reality a g-man, hopes to nab the whole gang and decides to hold off arresting duke. after jeanie gets off the train at albuquerque to board a plane to kansas city, duke tries to flirt with anne, but she rejects his advances. that night, frank and anne agree to be honest with each other, and anne reveals that she is really a los angeles reporter and has been subpoenaed to testify before a grand jury concerning a political scandal which she had unearthed. she says that she felt it would be "healthier" to go out-of-state for awhile. when frank continues to claim that he is a reporter for the telegraph , anne indignantly reveals that she works for the paper and knows that he does not. in topeka, after flash, a porter, inadvertently finds the listening device in duke's room, duke knocks out the conductor. anne receives a wire that it is all right for her to return to los angeles and gets off the train. when duke sees frank pursuing him, he gets into anne's cab. they go to borden's sanitarium, where duke meets jeanie, who is unhappy to see him with anne. when duke reads in a newspaper that another man has surfaced to claim the lottery prize, he sends his shyster lawyer rickert to dispute the claim to the insurance company that handles the contest. while rickert is away, duke kisses anne and asks her to leave with him after he collects the money. anne agrees, but he locks her in her room anyway. jeanie then unbolts the shutters of anne's room to help her escape, and anne hitches a ride on a truck, but the driver works for duke's gang and brings her back to the sanitarium. upon deducing that jeanie let anne out, duke slugs jeanie. frank, impersonating an insurance agent, accompanies rickert to the sanitarium. duke shoots frank as a carload of g-men arrive and then unlocks anne's door to take her with him, but jeanie shoots him and then cries over his body. the gang is captured, and anne is pleased to see that frank is only wounded. on the train to los angeles, flash comments that frank and anne have not come out of their cabin in two days. they kiss and it is revealed that they have recently married.[4]
corpus document1019
aces and eights
a card sharp steps in when a mexican family's ranch is threatened by swindlers and cheats.
corpus document1020
after the thin man
nick and nora charles return from vacation to their home in san francisco on new year's eve, where nora's stuffy family expect the couple to join them for a formal dinner. nick is despised by nora's aunt katherine, the family matriarch, as his immigrant heritage and experience as a "flat foot" are considered below nora. the true reason for their invitation is that nora's cousin selma's ne'er-do-well husband robert has been missing for three days. nick is coerced into a little quiet detective work for the family. they easily find robert in a chinese nightclub, where he's been conducting an affair with polly, the star performer. robert tries to extort money from selma's unrequited love, david graham (james stewart): for a payment of $25,000, robert will leave selma alone permanently. unknown to robert, polly and the nightclub's owner, dancer, plan to grift the money and dispose of him. after being paid off, and returning home for some clothes, robert is shot at the stroke of midnight. david finds selma standing over robert and hurriedly disposes of her gun. despite this, the police determine that she is the prime suspect, and her fragile mental state only strengthens the case. selma insists that she never fired her gun, and nick is now obliged to investigate and determine the true murderer. as suspects pile up, schemes and double-crosses are found, and two more murders occur, including polly's brutal brother. lt. abrams (sam levene, making his series debut) readily accepts nick's assistance. nick follows a trail of clues that lead him to the apartment of a mysterious "anderson". as in the previous film, the film climaxes with a final interrogation and denouement featuring all the suspects. the murderer is revealed to be david (the mysterious "anderson"), who has harbored a vengeful hatred of selma after she passed him over and married robert. the case solved, and once again traveling by train, nora reveals to nick that they are expecting a baby, although nick has to be prodded into putting the "clues" together and she comments: "and you call yourself a detective."
corpus document1021
all american chump
meek clerk elmer lamb has a mind for figures, so much so that circus promoter bill hogan hires him as "the human adding machine," featuring elmer's dazzling skill for numbers. elmer wants to make enough money to open his own dairy farm. when the circus goes broke, owner jeff crane and daughter kitty travel east with elmer and bill to get a fresh start. on the train, elmer ends up playing cards with bridge champion j. montgomery brantley and defeats him. brantley attests to elmer's skill, which leads to a nationally broadcast bridge challenge between the two for a prize of $15,000. a gangster gets involved and offers elmer money to lose the match. elmer also gets knocked unconscious on the final day of the match and temporarily loses his mental faculties, but kitty, who now loves him, restores his powers. she then uses the prize money to buy elmer a farm.
corpus document1022
and so they were married
when widower stephen blake (douglas) and bitter divorcée edith farnham (astor) meet at a ski resort during a christmas vacation, blake's son and farnham's daughter conspire to keep their romance from the altar. after creating much mayhem, they succeed in breaking things up, only to reconsider for their parents' happiness.
corpus document1023
anthony adverse
in 1773, young english beauty maria bonnyfeather (anita louise) is the new bride of the cruel and devious middle-aged spanish nobleman marquis don luis (claude rains). however, she is pregnant by denis moore (louis hayward), the man she loved before being forced to marry don luis. after the marquis learns of his wife's affair, don luis takes her across europe but denis tracks them down at an inn, where don luis treacherously kills him in a sword duel. months later, maria dies giving birth to her son at a chalet in the alps in northern italy. don luis leaves the infant in the foundling wheel of a convent near the port city of leghorn (livorno), italy, where the nuns christen him anthony because he was found on january 17, the feast day of st. anthony the great. don luis lies to maria's father, wealthy leghorn-based merchant john bonnyfeather (edmund gwenn), telling him that the infant is also dead. ten years later, completely by coincidence, anthony (billy mauch) is apprenticed to bonnyfeather, his real grandfather, who discovers his relationship to the boy but keeps it a secret from him. he gives the boy the surname adverse in acknowledgement of the difficult life he has led. as an adult, anthony (fredric march) falls in love with angela giuseppe (olivia de havilland), the cook's daughter, and the couple wed. soon after the ceremony, anthony is asked by bonnyfeather to depart for havana to save bonnyfeather's fortune from a laggard debtor, the merchant trading firm gallego & sons. on the day his ship is supposed to set sail, he and angela are supposed to meet at the convent before departing together, but she arrives first while he is late. unable to wait any longer, she leaves a note outside the convent to inform him that she is leaving for rome with her opera company. but the note angela leaves anthony is blown away, and he is unaware that she has gone to rome. confused and upset, he departs on the ship without her. meanwhile, assuming he has abandoned her, she departs and continues her career as an opera singer. learning that gallego has quit havana, anthony leaves to take control of gallego & sons' only remaining asset—a slave trading post on the pongo river in africa. three years in the slave trade (so he can recover bonnyfeather's debt) corrupts him, and he takes slave girl neleta into his bed. anthony eventually is redeemed by his friendship with brother françois (pedro de córdoba). after the monk is crucified and killed by the natives, anthony returns to italy to find bonnyfeather has died. his housekeeper, faith paleologus (gale sondergaard) (don luis' longtime co-conspirator and now wife), has inherited bonnyfeather's fortune. anthony reaches paris to rectify the situation and claim his inheritance. in paris, anthony is reunited with his friend, prominent banker vincent nolte (donald woods), whom he saves from bankruptcy by giving him his fortune, having learned from brother françois that "there's something besides money and power". through the intercession of impresario debrulle (ralph morgan), anthony finds angela and discovers she bore him a son. his wife fails to reveal she is now mademoiselle georges, a famous opera star and the mistress of napoleon bonaparte.[3] when anthony learns her secret, she sends him their son, stating that he is better suited to raise the boy. anthony departs for america with his son, anthony jr. (scotty beckett), in search of a better life.
corpus document1024
banjo on my knee
ernie holley runs away on his wedding night because he thinks he has killed a wedding guest. his father newt and his bride pearl find him in new orleans and persuade him to come home.
corpus document1025
beloved enemy
during the irish war of independence in 1921, irish rebel leader dennis riordan (aherne) and english aristocrat helen drummond (oberon) meet and fall in love. riordan is pursued, however, by british army officer captain preston (niven). the original movie ended with riordan getting shot and killed, but did not do well at the box office. a happier ending was also filmed which all subsequent versions have. the original cut has since been lost. the movie has several comic relief scenes: after a raid on an ira "safe house", british officers grumble about being not being able to find riordan, who is in fact standing just behind them; when the irish delegation goes to a formal ball and is asked by the footman for their names to be announced, the delegation replies in irish.
corpus document1026
the big game
clark jenkins is the star quarterback of atlantic's college football team. he falls in love with classmate margaret anthony, whose father, brad, is a newspaper sports columnist who disapproves of their romance. a gambler and school booster, george scott, has been discreetly giving money to clark, as he has in the past for players like pop, who couldn't have afforded to go to college otherwise. clark's roommate and teammate, cal calhoun, snitches on him to brad anthony, who investigates and falsely concludes that clark intends to deliberately lose a game for a payoff from gambling kingpin blackie dawson. no such arrangement exists. but with the big game against erie coming up, blackie kidnaps clark to make sure atlantic can't win. pop creates a distraction on the field to delay the proceedings while margaret, george and an apologetic cal rush to rescue clark in time to play in the game.
corpus document1027
the big show
western movie star tom ford (gene autry) is scheduled to make a guest appearance at the texas centennial celebration in dallas. when ford leaves on vacation intending to miss the celebration, his publicity manager lee wilson (william newell) convinces singing cowboy gene autry (gene autry) to appear in tom's place. while driving to dallas from hollywood, gene meets marion hill (kay hughes) when his trailer collides with her wagon. marion is also on her way to the centennial, intending to enter her show steer in the texas centennial exposition. watching gene skillfully retrieve her cattle, marion is impressed to see a movie star perform like a true cowboy. at the texas centennial in dallas, gene (pretending to be movie star tom ford) sings on the radio and becomes a national hit. studio head swartz (charles judels), hoping to capitalize on the publicity, decides to launch a series of western musicals starring tom ford, even though the real ford cannot sing a note. when the engagement of gene (as tom ford) and marion is announced in the newspapers, ford's real fiancée is infuriated. meanwhile, gambler tony rico (harry worth) and his henchmen arrive in dallas to collect the $10,000 that tom owes. wilson is forced to pay the debt, plus $25,000 to keep rico from revealing gene's identity. tom ford finally shows up and reports to swartz, but the studio head would rather appease the blackmailers than replace gene with the talentless ford. at the "cavalcade of texas" gene and marion perform as part of the centennial. when tom ford's fiancée shows up, marion is forced to leave. in order to save his romance with marion, gene takes a risk and confesses his true identity over the radio. to his surprise, the audience prefers him to the real tom ford. gene's confession ruins rico's blackmail attempt, and he and his henchmen escape with the blackmail money by dressing as cowboys and joining the cavalcade act. gene chases after the outlaws in true western style, eventually arresting them. during the chase, the money is lost in a lagoon by gene's sidekick, frog (smiley burnette). sometime later back in hollywood, tom ford is now working as gene's double. gene sings to marion on the set of his new movie, and she and gene kiss.
corpus document1028
the bohemian girl
stanley laurel and oliver hardy are a hen-pecked pair of gypsies in 18th-century austria. when oliver is out pickpocketing, fortune-telling or attending his zither lessons, his wife (mae busch), has an affair with devilshoof (antonio moreno). a cruel nobleman, count arnheim (william p. carleton), persecutes the gypsies, who are forced to flee, but mrs hardy, in revenge for devilshoof being lashed by the count's orders, kidnaps his daughter, arline (darla hood), and mrs. hardy fools hardy into thinking she is their daughter since he believes everything she tells him. she soon elopes with devilshoof, and leaves oliver and "uncle" stanley holding the toddler. arline is too young to remember her old life. twelve years later, the gypsies return to arnheim's estate. when grown up arline (jacqueline wells) accidentally trespasses in arnheim's garden, she recognises the place and arnheim's voice, but is arrested by a constable (jimmy finlayson) and sentenced to a lashing. stan and oliver try to save her, but stan is too drunk and both are arrested. just as arline is stripped in order to be lashed, she is rescued in time by arnheim, who recognises a medallion she wears and a family birthmark, and both try to rescue stan and oliver. it is too late though: laurel and hardy had already been worked over in the torture chamber: hardy emerges stretched to a height of eight feet, while stan has been crushed to only a few feet tall and the constable just stands yelling and moaning.
corpus document1029
the bride walks out
carolyn martin has expensive tastes despite husband michael not earning much money. they split up and she is wooed by a millionaire.
corpus document1030
bullets or ballots
detective johnny blake (edward g. robinson) is a new york city cop who has made his reputation by cracking down on racketeers. when blake gets kicked off the force, a powerful crime boss named al kruger (barton maclane) hires him in an attempt to gain fresh ideas about sidestepping the law and expanding his criminal empire. blake soon gains kruger's trust and rises through the ranks of the criminal organization, much to the distaste of bugs fenner (humphrey bogart), who believes blake to be a police informer.[2]
corpus document1031
cain and mabel
waitress-turned-broadway star mabel o'dare (marion davies) and garage-mechanic-turned-prize fighter larry cain (clark gable) dislike each other intensely, but press agent aloysius k. reilly (roscoe karns) cooks up a phony romance between them for publicity. inevitably, the two fall in love for real, and plan on getting married, with mabel quitting show business to be a housewife and cain quitting the fight racket to run garages in new jersey. when their entourages get wind of their plan, they plant the story in the newspapers, and each thinks the other one betrayed their secret - until mabel's aunt (ruth donnelly) tells mabel the truth. mabel abandons her show and rushes to philadelphia where cain is fighting. having been told by his manager that mabel is going to marry crooner ronny caudwell (robert paige), an enraged cain is waging an all-out fight against his opponent, until he hears mabel's voice and is knocked down. reilly confesses to cain that he was the one who leaked the story, and cain's second, dodo (allen jenkins) accidentally throws a towel into the ring, making cain the loser by a technical knockout. but since mabel has bet on the other boxer, the newly reunited couple will have a tidy nest egg to start their new life together.
corpus document1032
camille
the film tells of marguerite gautier (greta garbo). she's born into a lower-class family, but in time becomes well known, living in high society in paris. marguerite's finances are covered by the wealthy baron de varville (henry daniell), but after many years of making money from her looks, she falls in love with armand (robert taylor), a handsome young man. armand loves marguerite and she's prepared to give up the baron and be with armand. however, armand's father (lionel barrymore) begs marguerite to turn away from his son, knowing her past will ruin his future in paris. realizing the painful wisdom of his advice, marguerite rejects armand, who continues to pursue her even as she contracts a serious case of tuberculosis. the film ends with marguerite's tragic death in the arms of her suitor armand, who has been much changed over the course of the film.
corpus document1033
captain calamity
a penniless ship's captain is taking a passenger ashore after their voyage. the passenger throws a gold coin in the ocean that he says has been bad luck to him as it was a gift from his ex-fiancee. the captain sends one of his men, an experienced underwater diver, to successfully retrieve it. the passenger explains that is a gold spanish doubloon and the captain is more than welcome to it. going ashore, the captain decides to have some fun by telling stories indicating that he discovered four chests full of the coins, which were pirate treasure. the news spreads throughout the island and leads to kidnapping, torture, murder and an attack on the captain's ship.
corpus document1034
captain january
helen "star" mason (shirley temple) is a foundling rescued from the sea as a baby by captain january (guy kibbee), a lighthouse keeper. the two live in the lighthouse at cape tempest. agatha morgan (sara haden), a truant officer in the area, demands that star be enrolled in school and removed from the care of captain january, who never legally adopted her. the possibility of being separated is devastating for both january and star. meanwhile, january loses his job at the lighthouse when the lamp is replaced with an automatic one. things look desperate for star and january. nazro (slim summerville), january’s friend, tries to help and traces star’s relatives to boston. he contacts them and they arrive at cape tempest to claim her. to star’s surprise and delight, her wealthy aunt and uncle buy her a yacht and hire january as helmsman, nazro and roberts (buddy ebsen) as crew, and mrs. croft (jane darwell) as cook.
corpus document1035
the case of the black cat
mason is summoned to the laxter mansion in the dead of night to write granddaughter wilma out of invalid peter laxter's will, to keep her from marrying suspected fortune hunter doug. peter dies in a mysterious fire and laxter's two grandsons, sam laxter and frank oafley, inherit his estate on the condition old caretaker schuster and his cat clinker are kept on. when cat-hating sam threatens clinker, perry steps in and learns laxter's death was suspicious and the family fortune and diamonds are missing.
corpus document1036
ceiling zero
old pals jake lee (pat o'brien), tex clarke (stuart erwin) and dizzy davis (james cagney) flew together in the army during world war i. almost 20 years later, jake is the manager of the newark, new jersey branch of federal airlines, a new york-based airline company. tex works as an airmail pilot and dizzy, also still flying aircraft, is seeking employment with his friends. prior to his hot-shot arrival (dizzy does a few tricks in the air before landing), a new york associate warns jake about dizzy, calling him unreliable and troublesome. insulted, jake replies that dizzy is one of the best pilots in the country, telling a few stories about his fearlessness and bravery. jake hires dizzy as an airmail pilot. dizzy is immediately attracted to "tommy" thomas (june travis), a 19-year-old girl also working there, who has just learned to fly solo. in order to go on a date with her, dizzy, scheduled for a flight to cincinnati in the evening, pretends he is suddenly sick and gets tex to replace him. tex makes it to ohio, but on the way back to new jersey, finds himself in a cold and heavy fog. though there is zero visibility and he is having radio problems, he attempts to land in newark. he crashes into one of the airport hangars and the aircraft catches on fire. tex is taken to the hospital where he later dies. tex's wife lou (isabel jewell), who was never very fond of dizzy, blames him for her husband's death. she calls him selfish and irresponsible and says that he hurts everything he touches. dizzy, overwhelmed with guilt, returns to the airport. meanwhile, the weather has gotten even worse and jake has canceled all other flights. in addition, the aviation authorities have revoked dizzy's pilot license, for extraneous reasons. jake consoles dizzy on account of both losses and then goes home for the night, leaving him temporarily in charge. another pilot, unaware of the cancellation, comes into the operations building, ready for his normally scheduled flight. chagrined and burdened with his culpability, dizzy demands the man explain how the newly acquired and, as yet, untested aircraft de-icers function, then knocks the man unconscious and irrationally takes his aircraft. jake and the others are devastated when they find out. dizzy radios information over to them about the de-icers. they work to a degree, but the system is flawed. he reports by radio on the problems of the system and his recommendations for modifications, knowing that he will watch progressive icing until he dies. he does not make it through the snow storm.
corpus document1037
the charge of the light brigade
in 1854, major geoffrey vickers (errol flynn) and his brother, captain perry vickers (patric knowles), are stationed in india, with the 27th lancers of the british army. it is during the period of east india company dominance over the indian subcontinent. perry has secretly betrayed geoffrey by stealing the love of his fiancee elsa (olivia de havilland). during an official visit to local tributary rajah, surat khan (c. henry gordon), geoffrey saves the rajah's life while hunting, for which the rajah promises eternal gratitude. later, maj. vickers is stationed at the british garrison of (fictional) chukoti, along with british military families, within the part of india's north-western frontier controlled by surat khan. a british miscalculation leads to premature withdrawal of troops to (fictional) lohora, unnecessarily exposing chukoti. faced with an overwhelming siege, the british commander, col. campbell (donald crisp), surrenders chukoti to surat khan, who then massacres the inhabitants, including british families. surat khan allies his forces with imperial russia, whom the british are fighting in the crimean war, but spares maj. vickers and elsa as they flee the slaughter. this repays his debt to geoffrey. the love triangle and the quest for vengeance resolve at the battle of balaclava. aware that surat khan is inspecting russian positions opposite the 27th lancers, maj. vickers secretly replaces written orders by sir charles macefield (henry stephenson) to the commander of the light brigade, sir benjamin warrenton (nigel bruce), to withdraw from the balaclava heights. vickers instead orders the famous suicidal attack so the lancers can avenge the chukoti massacre. before the charge, maj. vickers reminds troops of the chukoti massacre and directs their anger: "our objective is surit khan!" although the 27th lancers lose nearly all their 600 strength, they successfully breach russian artillery positions. there, vickers finds and kills surat khan, at the cost of his own life. later, it emerges that maj. vickers wrote to sir charles macefield explaining his actions, a note which he forced his brother perry to deliver, under threat of court martial, so sparing his brother almost certain death. after receiving maj. vickers' explanation of why the charge happened, macefield takes responsibility and burns the note to protect vickers' good name.
corpus document1038
charlie chan at the circus
charlie chan takes his wife and twelve children on an outing to a circus after receiving a free pass from one of the owners, joe kinney. kinney wants chan to find out who is sending him anonymous threatening letters. nearly all of the circus workers are suspects, since kinney is very unpopular. however, when chan goes to meet him during the night's performance, he finds the man dead, seemingly killed by a rampaging gorilla who somehow escaped from his cage. lieutenant macy takes charge of the investigation, assisted by chan and his overzealous eldest son lee, who also takes the opportunity to (unsuccessfully) romance su toy (toshia mori, credited as shia jung), the contortionist. on chan's advice, macy lets the circus continue on to its next stop, with the trio tagging along. during the train ride, an attempt is made to murder chan with a poisonous cobra. then someone tries to break into the circus's safe, but nothing is missing. macy finds a marriage certificate inside, showing that kinney supposedly married circus wardrobe lady nellie farrell in mexico. however, kinney's fiance marie norman claims that she can prove kinney was not in mexico the day indicated on the certificate. before she can prove it, during her act, someone shoots one of the ropes of her trapeze swing and she falls to the ground, seriously injured, but still alive. a doctor is summoned. chan states that marie is too badly hurt to move, so the doctor must operate on the spot. chan asks everyone to keep quiet and clear the area, so as not to cause a potentially fatal distraction for the medical staff during the delicate operation. meanwhile, chan has noticed a newspaper article about a crime committed at a casino the day of kinney's alleged marriage. he sends his son to phone for a description of the crooks involved from the police. when lee returns, he sees a man slug the policeman guarding the gorilla's cage and let the ape out again. he struggles with the man, but is knocked out. the gorilla reaches the tent where the operation is in progress and tries to cause trouble. fortunately, the operation is a fake, as is the gorilla. he is shot to death by policemen masquerading as doctors. it is revealed to be snake charmer tom holt in a costume, trying to pin a second death on the escaped animal. he and kinney had robbed the casino and hidden out at the circus. however they had had a falling out over the division of the money, leading to kinney's murder. nellie farrell and her brother dan are also arrested for trying to use a forgery to gain half interest in the circus. charlie chan agrees to obtain a lifetime pass to the circus for his family. he sees lee chan and su toy having some romance together wondering if any future grandchildren will be able to see the circus, too.
corpus document1039
charlie chan at the opera
charlie chan (warner oland) gets to watch a performance that's to die for. for seven years, opera star gravelle (boris karloff) has been locked in an insane asylum, his identity a mystery - even to himself. but when his memory unexpectedly returns, he begins to recall that his wife and her lover tried to murder him - and now he's determined to make them face the music. gravelle escapes from the asylum and makes his way to the san marco opera house and begins hiding out in the various rooms and passageways. soon, members of the opera company are being murdered one by one. chan soon investigates the killings and despite the presence of gravelle, there are other suspects who may be the real killer. they suspects, excluding gravelle, include lilli rochelle, the opera company's prima donna who has been having a secret affair with enrico barelli, the baritone; mr. whitely, madame rochelle's husband who has warned barelli to stay away from his wife; anita barelli, the opera company's number two soprano who has learned of her husband's affair with lilli rochelle; and phil childers, the fiancée of lilli's unacknowledged daughter who has been refused permission to marry the daughter. clues found by chan to apprehend the killer include a torn newspaper, a charred note, a heel mark on a newspaper picture, and a bloodstained belt. among the questions asked are who has been threatening lilli rochelle's life, the mystery man in barelli's dressing room before he is murdered, and why does chan insist that the opera be performed twice in one evening?
corpus document1040
charlie chan at the race track
when a prominent racehorse owner winds up dead-allegedly kicked to death by his prized stallion, charlie chan is called in to investigate. but when the indomitable detective discovers evidence of foul play, he's soon hot on the hooves of an international gambling ring with an evil plot to turn the racetracks of the world into a trifecta of terror!
corpus document1041
charlie chan's secret
alan colby, heir to a vast fortune, reappears after a seven-year absence, only to be murdered before he can claim his inheritance. the lowells have been living off the colby fortune, and now someone is trying to kill henrietta lowell, matriarch of the family. among the suspects are: charlie chan is called to investigate alan colby's murder where clues include:
corpus document1042
chatterbox
jenny yates (anne shirley) dreams of following in the profession of her deceased actor parents, but her grandfather, uriah lowell, with whom she lives, strongly disapproves. one day, the chatty young woman strikes up a conversation with struggling painter/actor phil greene, jr. he is associated with a summer stock company trying out a revival of an old melodrama, virtue's reward, in jenny's rural community before opening in new york city. jenny is thrilled when he offers to give her a free ticket to that night's show, as her mother had acted in that very play. when uriah finds a playbill, he forbids her to go out and threatens to lock her out if she disobeys his orders. she mistakenly believes that live-in young hired hand michael arbuckle betrayed her, and promises him that she will tell her grandfather about his own misdeeds. when uriah finds her gone, he carries through with his threat, but then changes his mind and unlocks the door. however, michael locks it again after he leaves. meanwhile, producer archer fisher is dissatisfied with the performance of actress lillian temple in the role of a young innocent girl. she complains that she has not been paid for six weeks. as a result, jenny is disappointed when she finds another play being performed that night. when she returns home, she finds the door locked, and assumes her grandfather has thrown her out. the company is leaving that night, so she hides in the rumble seat of phil's car. when he finds the stowaway, he does not have enough gas to take her home, so he reluctantly takes her to new york. they both rent rooms from "tippie" tipton. phil tries to discourage jenny from pursuing her unrealistic dreams by sending her to see archie, but his plan backfires when she is hired to replace lillian. worse, jenny assumes the play is a serious production, whereas phil knows that archie intends to draw laughs from the audience with the hopelessly old-fashioned play. when phil is unable to disillusion jenny, tippie offers to do so, but cannot either. in fact, jenny takes her hints to mean that phil is in love with her, but is unwilling to start a relationship until he is established as a painter. uriah comes to new york in search of his granddaughter. through phil's father, he finally manages to contact phil. they all attend the premiere. part way through her performance, jenny realizes the truth, but gamely carries on. after the performance, she decides to return home. she tells phil she never wants to see him again, but when she finds him hiding in the trunk of uriah's car, she changes her mind.
corpus document1043
china clipper
in the mid-1930s, dave logan (pat o'brien) is obsessed and struggling to build and fly a new ocean-going flying boat airline with the prospects of reaching china from san francisco. his wife, jean (beverly roberts) and his boss, jim horn (joseph crehan), try to discourage him but he enlists war buddies "dad" brunn (henry b. walthall), to design his aircraft and pilot tom collins (ross alexander) to start an airline between philadelphia and washington, d.c. undeterred when the airline fails, the group start a second airline in key west, florida, to deliver mail throughout the caribbean. another pilot friend, hap stuart (humphrey bogart), signs up and as the airline begins to prosper, logan becomes more obsessed, making life difficult for all around him including his wife and best friends. jean and hap quit but come back on the eve of an important proving flight. the new "china clipper" is the last project for dad, who succumbs to a heart attack shortly after the takeoff. when the china clipper encounters a severe storm off the china coast, logan decides to cancel the flight, but hap brings the flight in safely, with a few minutes to spare, securing a contract.
corpus document1044
colleen
colleen is the manager of a dress shop named "the ames company", owned by donald ames. they try to keep uncle cedric from working, because he will ruin the company. troubles start when he hires schemer joe as his personal assistant. he later also hires minnie, a woman who has a great passion for fashion. when he buys the dress shop for minnie where colleen works as a bookkeeper, a scandal is soon followed. donald decides to shut the shop, but is stopped because of his infatuation towards colleen. it is colleen who eventually makes a profit out of the things that happened. meanwhile, a man named cedric tries to adopt minnie. minnie refuses and thereby causes a scandal. this angers alicia, but the press can't get enough of it. donald loses colleen's affection and thus is sued by joe.
corpus document1045
college holiday
a lady hotelier with an interest in eugenics invites some young men to spend the summer.
corpus document1046
come and get it
ruthless lumberjack foreman barney glasgow (edward arnold) will stop at nothing to achieve his goal, to someday become the head of the logging industry in 19th century wisconsin. his determination to succeed leads him to end his relationship with saloon singer lotta morgan (frances farmer) and marry emma louise hewitt (mary nash), the daughter of his boss jed hewett (charles halton), in order to secure a partnership in his business. over two decades later, a wealthy and successful barney and emma louise's son richard (joel mccrea) strongly objects to his father's practice of destroying forests without planting new trees. barney visits his old friend swan bostrom (walter brennan), who married lotta when barney rejected her. swan is now a widower raising a daughter, also named lotta (also played by frances farmer), who bears a striking resemblance to her mother. barney finds himself attracted to the girl and, foolishly hoping to recapture the love he abandoned as a young man, offers to finance her education. complications arise when richard meets lotta and takes a strong interest in her, which is reciprocated, much to barney's displeasure and jealousy.
corpus document1047
conflict
pat glendon (wayne) is a former lumberjack turned bare-knuckle boxer who travels the countryside as part of gambling scam operated by gus "knockout" carrigan for a new york city syndicate. glendon arrives ahead of the travelling boxing exhibition, building the confidence of the locals who in turn bet on glendon to win, only to have him throw the fight. the gambling circuit leads glendon to cedar city, a west coast lumber town where he soon finds himself a job as a lumberjack and becoming part of the community. at the lumberjack picnic glendon fights and defeats "ruffhouse" kelly (woods) a burly man from a rival lumbering camp. the town folk agree that glendon is the one to represent them in the boxing exhibition soon to hit town. while in cedar city, glendon saves the life of the runaway orphan, tommy (tuppin), who befriends the boxer and acts as his "trainer" and is unofficially adopted by him. maude sangster (rogers) a reporter pretending to be a social worker from san francisco sent to cedar city to expose the boxing scam, befriends glendon and the orphan tommy. conscience gets the better of glendon, and on the day of the rigged fight against carrigan, glendon tells him that he won't throw the fight. he tells carrigan that the cedar city lumberjacks are his friends and he doesn't want to scam them out of their hard earned money. in a hard fought, honest match, glendon prevails and also wins the heart of the girl.
corpus document1048
crack-up
at the christening of the "wild goose," an experimental aircraft designed for transatlantic flights, a number of significant industry figures from the fleming-grant airways corporation are present. president john r. fleming (ralph morgan) introduces the test pilots, ace martin (brian donlevy) and joe randall (thomas beck), along with joe's fiancée, ruth franklin (helen wood). the eccentric colonel gimpy (peter lorre) convinces company people that he loves aviation and joins the group. he is really baron rudolph maximilian tagger, the head of a foreign spy ring, who plans to steal plans for the company's new secret "d.o.x." bomber design. gimpy seeks out a disgruntled ace martin and offers him money to betray his employer. ace uses joe, his young protégé, to obtain the plans, telling him he had made the blueprints. the baron's operative #77 (j. carrol naish), secretly working for another spy organization, attempts to get the plans, offering ace three times more money. the meeting between the two is watched by the baron, forcing ace to kill the spy and keep the plans to bargain directly with the baron. on the maiden flight of the "wild goose", ace and joe are flying to berlin with the company president on board. when they are in the air, colonel gimpy reveals that he has stowed away to accompany them. a gas cap comes loose, jeopardizing the flight. ace volunteers to climb out onto the wing and secure the gas cap. at the war department, officials tell ruth that joe has been unwittingly drawn into a spy operation. she radios the aircraft, now far off course over the atlantic ocean, convincing joe to turn ace in. reacting angrily, he tries to shake ace off the wing, but is restrained by the others. when ace returns, a struggle over the controls leads to a burst of steam spraying over ace's face, blinding him and the aircraft being forced to ditch in the ocean. with death imminent, as water fills the cabin, ace shoots the baron and gives joe the only life jacket, along with the bomber blueprints, so that he will be rescued by a nearby steamer. the three doomed men left on board smoke a last cigarette as the "wild goose" sinks.
corpus document1049
death in the air
inspector gallagher (willard kent) of the united states department of commerce views a number of crashes and disappearances of goering-gage aviation corporation aircraft as suspicious. with united states army reserve test pilot jerry blackwood (john carroll), gallagher visits the goering-gage company. jerry test flies goering-gage aircraft but finds nothing wrong. when a severely injured passenger from a crash, claims a mystery aircraft attacked them, the owner, henry goering (henry hall) hires psychiatrist, dr. norris (john elliott), to question the man. dr. norris believes a psychotic ex-world war i flying ace, whom he dubs "pilot x," may be behind the attacks. with the help of blackwood, goering and norris assemble a group of five ex-flying aces living in the area who may have a connection with the mysterious pilot x. he recruits german lieutenant baron von guttard (hans joby), french lieutenant rene le rue (gaston glass), british captain roland saunders (pat somerset), canadian lieutenant douglas thompson (wheeler oakman) and american lieutenant john ives (reed howes). the group meets in a mansion to plan how to confront the mysterious pilot x. one pilot, however, von guttard comes under immediate suspicion when goering is uneasy with son carl (leon ames), an ex-german prisoner of war. on their first patrol, pilot x attacks, killing von guttard . later that day, le rue is killed by pilot x and the next day, saunders has a mental breakdown. blackwood receives a note from pilot x, asking him to meet him in the sky at six o'clock the next morning. thompson, meanwhile, receives a similar note but pilot x, who is on the airfield, paints an "x" on thompson's aircraft. blackwood mistakes thompson for pilot x, and kills the canadian. when a paint can is found in ives' locker, all accuse the american ace of being pilot x. that night, dr. norris calls the elder goering, telling him that he knows who is pilot x, but is murdered. gallagher believes blackwood is pilot x, and sends ives and saunders after him. helen gage (lona andre), henry's ward, however, first finds part of saunders' goggles near norris' dead body, then finds the other half in his aircraft. crazed, saunders, takes off after blackwood with helen trapped on his aircraft. once in the sky, pilot x appears and attacks saunders, wounding him. in a fierce dogfight, pilot x attacks blackwood but is shot down. in the wreckage of pilot x's aircraft the body of carl goering is discovered along with a photograph of carl in a german uniform. he was not a prisoner of war, but deserted and joined the german air force. with the mystery solved. blackwood and helen realize that they are attracted to one another and embrace.
corpus document1050
desire
the film tells of madeleine de beaupre (marlene dietrich), a devious jewel thief. after stealing a string of pearls from jeweler aristide duval (ernest cossart), de beaupre flees paris. she leaves a trail that implicates psychiatrist dr. pauquet (alan mowbray). as she heads for the spanish border, she nearly runs into tom bradley (gary cooper), an american auto mechanic vacationing in europe. de beaupre spots bradley again at the spanish customs. she's worried that the pearls will be found in her handbag, so she slips them into bradley's pocket. after they make their way through inspection, de beaupre flirts with bradley in an attempt to get the pearls back. bradley is too shy to respond so she gets his attention by trying to "repair" the engine of her car with a hammer. de beaupre lures bradley to the san sebastian estate of her partner in crime, carlos margoli (john halliday). it doesn't take long for tom to figure out what de beaupre and margoli are up to. yet, bradley also knows that he's fallen for de beaupre, and he's willing to go along as long as he's near her.
corpus document1051
the devil is a sissy
claude pierce is an aristocratic and well-bred boy from england, whose parents have received a divorce. according to a child custody agreement signed by his parents, claude will spend six months living with his father. jay pierce, the father in question, has settled in new york city, where he works as an architect. claude starts attending a public school in new york city.[2] claude's "polished" manners make him stand out among his schoolmates, and the other kids start playing pranks on him. he soon gets on the bad side of two lower-class kids, robert "buck" murphy and james "gig" stevens. gig is in a dark mood at the time, because his father is about to be executed for murder.[3] finding himself the target of the other boys' anger, claude decides to learn self-defense. claude takes boxing lessons, which help him best buck in a street fight. he wins his opponent's grudging respect and starts befriending his former tormentors.[4] at a later point, gig's father has already been executed at the electric chair, and gig lacks the money to provide a headstone for his father's grave. he really wants to buy that headstone and starts seeking ways to earn enough money for it. gig initially tries to get money from his aunt rose hawley, who is a kept woman and financially secure. he fails to explain what he intends to do with the money, so rose refuses to help him.[5] gig decides to raise the money by stealing, and convinces his friend buck to help him. however, their initial attempts at crime fail.[6] claude learns of the problem, and instructs his new friends to start "stealing from the rich" and to emulate a fictional role model, gentleman thief a. j. raffles. claude personally orchestrates a robbery at a house that is vacant and unguarded. the trio steal toys which they can sell at a pawn shop to raise money. the robbery and visit to the pawn shop go as planned, but the three juvenile delinquents are then arrested by a police officer who finds their activities suspicious.[7] the boys appear at court, where it is noted that nobody has reported the robbery. claude explains that it was a fake robbery to begin with. he led his friends into looting his own house, and those toys belonged to claude himself. he was just trying to help them out.[8] the judge finds claude innocent of any actual crime, but still finds that buck and gig acted with criminal intent. he places the two boys on probation, and they now have to make regular reports to a probation officer. buck and gig blame claude for their fate and angrily severe ties with him.[9] buck and gig decide to become runaways and flee from their families and their probation officer. claude learns of their plans and decides to follow them, in hopes of convincing them to return home. claude shows symptoms of illness at this point, but he attributes them to a common cold and pays no attention to them. the three boys meet at the local cemetery, under heavy rain. they check the recently-erected gravestone for gig's father.[10] the boys hitch-hike and are picked by a passing vehicle. the vehicle belongs to a trio of criminals trying to escape the authorities, and the boys distrust their intentions. the six of them stop for a meal at a diner, where claude covertly alerts the police. while the criminals face the police in a shootout, the boys escape. claude's symptoms are getting worse, and he has both fever and delirium.[11] buck and gig are getting worried and decide to take claude to a hospital. claude is diagnosed with pneumonia.[12] as buck and gig decide to get in contact with their probation officer, claude is visited by his mother hilda pierce. hilda wants to transfer claude to a better hospital, but her plan seems to backfire. claude's condition gets worse following the transport. buck and gig decide to tell their seemingly dying friend how much they care for him. the encouragement apparently helps in claude's recovery. the film ends with the three boys happily going on a bicycle ride.[13]
corpus document1052
the devil-doll
paul lavond (barrymore), who was wrongly convicted of robbing his own paris bank and killing a night watchman more than seventeen years ago, escapes devil's island with marcel (henry b. walthall), a scientist who is trying to create a formula to reduce people to one-sixth of their original size. the intended purpose of the formula is to make the earth's limited resources last longer for an ever-growing population. the scientist dies after their escape. lavond joins the scientist's widow, malita (rafaela ottiano), and decides to use the shrinking technique to obtain revenge on the three former business associates who had framed him and to vindicate himself. he returns to paris and disguises himself as an old woman who sells lifelike dolls. he shrinks a young girl and one of his former associates to infiltrate the homes of the other two former associates, paralyzing one. when the final associate confesses before he is attacked, lavond clears his name and secures the future happiness of his estranged daughter, lorraine (o'sullivan), in the process. malita isn't satisfied, and wants to continue to use the formula to carry on her husband's work. she tries to kill paul when he announces that he is finished with their partnership, having accomplished all he intended, but she blows up their lab, killing herself. paul tells toto, lorraine's fiancé, about what happened. he meets his daughter, pretending to be the deceased marcel. he tells lorraine that paul lavond died during their escape from prison, but that he loved her very much. lavond then departs, to an uncertain fate.
corpus document1053
dimples
dimples is a bowery busker living with her pickpocket grandfather "professor" eustace appleby. she is hired to entertain at a soiree in the washington square park home of wealthy widow caroline drew. mrs. drew is so charmed by dimples she opens her home and heart to the child, providing her a life of comfort and plenty. mrs. drew's nephew allen, a theatrical producer, abandons his sweetheart betty loring for haughty actress cleo marsh. his family is scandalized, but allen pursues his goal of staging a brand-new play, uncle tom's cabin, with dimples portraying little eva. during rehearsals, dimples longs for her grandfather and returns to his humble dwelling, refusing to budge without the old man in tow. mrs. drew traces dimples to the bowery and a solution is found to the impasse. allen realizes he loves betty and is reunited with her. the film ends with dimples appearing in new york city's first minstrel show.
corpus document1054
dodsworth
in the midwestern town of zenith, samuel "sam" dodsworth (walter huston) is a successful, self-made man: the president of dodsworth motors, which he founded 20 years before. then he sells the company to retire. although tubby pearson, sam's banker and friend, warns him that men like them are only happy when they are working, sam has no plans beyond an extended trip to europe with his wife fran (ruth chatterton), who feels trapped by their boring small-town social life. while on the luxury liner to england, sam meets edith cortright (mary astor), an american divorcee now living in italy, who is sympathetic to his eagerness to expand his horizons and learn new things. meanwhile, fran indulges in a light flirtation with a handsome englishman (david niven); but when he suggests it become more serious, she hastily retreats and asks sam not to spend time in england as planned, but go on directly to paris. once there, fran begins to view herself as a sophisticated world traveler and tries to develop a high-class social life, also pretending to be much younger than she is. sam says that people who would socialize with hicks like either of them are not really high-class, but she sees him as increasingly boring and unimaginative; he only wants to see the usual tourist sights and visit car factories. she becomes infatuated with cultured playboy arnold iselin (paul lukas), who invites her to montreux and later biarritz. she suggests sam return home and allow her to spend the summer in europe; feeling rather out of place in the urbane old world, he consents. sam is happily welcomed by his old friends as well as his daughter (kathryn marlowe) and new son-in-law (john howard payne), who have moved into his and fran's mansion. before long, though, sam realizes that life back home has left him behind—and he is tormented by the idea that fran might have, as well. he has a dodsworth manager in europe confirm that she is in fact seeing iselin, and returns to europe immediately to put a stop to it. fran tries to deny the affair, but he has summoned iselin to confirm everything, she breaks down and begs for forgiveness. he still loves her and agrees to patch up their marriage. however, it is soon evident that they have grown far apart. in vienna, news of the birth of their first grandchild arrives; although initially excited, fran is displeased with the idea of being a grandmother. she eventually informs sam that she wants a divorce, especially after the poor, but charming, young baron kurt von obersdorf (gregory gaye) tells her he would marry her if she were free. sam agrees. sightseeing aimlessly throughout the continent while the divorce is being arranged, sam encounters edith by chance in an american express office in naples. she invites him to stay at her peaceful, charming italian villa. the two rapidly fall in love. sam feels so rejuvenated that he wants to start a new business: an airline connecting moscow and seattle via siberia. he asks edith to marry him and fly with him to samarkand and other exotic locales on his new venture. she gladly accepts. meanwhile, fran's idyllic plans are shattered when kurt's mother (maria ouspenskaya) rejects his request to marry fran. in addition to divorce being against their religion, she tells fran that kurt must have children to carry on the family line, and fran would be an "old wife of a young husband". kurt asks fran to postpone their wedding until he can get his mother's approval; but fran sees that it is hopeless, and calls off the divorce. feeling a duty to fran, sam reluctantly decides to sail home with her, leaving edith. however, after only a short time in fran's now critical and demanding company, sam realizes their marriage is irrevocably over. "love has to stop somewhere short of suicide", he tells her. at the last moment, he gets off the ship to rejoin edith.
corpus document1055
don't turn 'em loose
bob webster, aka bat williams, is a career criminal who keeps his parents and siblings in the dark about his chosen career by pretending to be an engineer who is often away in different parts of the world on assignments. he uses this ploy not only to disguise when he is out of town engaged in criminal activities, but also to cover the times he has been sentenced to prison. after receiving a parole from prison, he rejoins his gang, including his gangster girlfriend, grace forbes in robbing a creamery. a robbery during which they kill a clerk who can identify them. after the robbery, williams leaves the gang and returns to his family's home in upstate new york. his father, john, his mother, helen, and his sister, mildred, all think the world of williams. during his stints in prison, he sends one of the other gang members to different far-away locales, in order to mail a post card to his family, pretending that he is working there on an engineering job. during his visit, he overhears his father on the phone with the governor, who is asking john to serve on the state parole board. fearing discovery, williams tries to convince his father not to serve on the board, but john won't commit one way or the other. while in his home town of barlow, he also runs into his old girlfriend, letty graves. to impress letty, williams breaks into a jewelry store and steals a bracelet, but kills the security guard so that he can't identify him. meanwhile, detective daniels has been pursuing williams and his gang. he catches up to grace, who is having an affair behind williams' back with another gang member, al. daniels threatens grace with exposing the affair to williams, if she doesn't help lure williams into a trap. in order to save herself, she double-crosses williams, and daniels is able to arrest him and send him back to prison. knowing that it was grace who gave him up, williams secretly escapes from prison and tracks her down, killing her. he then returns to prison by hitching a ride on a truck, before anyone notices that he is gone. again to prevent identification, he plants a bomb in the truck, which explodes after dropping him off near the prison, killing the driver. when it is time for his parole hearing, he is surprised to find out his father is sitting on the board. john is also surprised that the hardened criminal, bat williams, and his son bob are one and the same. john is leaning to voting not to parole, but williams threatens him with letting the scandal about him becoming public knowledge. this would ruin mildred's upcoming wedding. john relents and votes for parole, but not until he gets williams word that he will leave the country once released. instead of fleeing the country, he returns to barlow, where he plans on robbing the payroll of lettie's father's company. however, detective daniels follows williams to the company at night, where he interrupts williams in the process of the robbery. williams turns the tables on daniels and is about to shoot him, when john shows up. he had suspected his son might be up to something and had also followed him that night. to prevent his son from shooting daniels, he is forced to shoot williams himself. daniels takes williams away, so john won't have to see his son die. john keeps the secret of bob's life and death hidden from the rest of the family.
corpus document1056
doughnuts and society
belle dugan (maude eburn) and kate flanagan (louise fazenda) are partners in a doughnut business. when belle gets $50,000 to sell her mine to a mining company for potential gold, she is brought into society and wealth with her daughter joan (ann rutherford). she leaves kate behind with her son jerry (eddie nugent) behind at the doughnut business. although they left on bad terms, belle invites kate and jerry to a party at their new mansion, all while kate where’s very uncomfortable shoes. when she sits to take them off, a dog snatches them and she embarrassed herself in front of everyone at the party. belle kicks her out, and joan and jerry leave on bad terms, in defense of their mothers. that same night, jerry has a brilliant money-making idea, a layer parking garage. they make a cake as a diarama and they start their garage business, as well as get into society and wealth just like belle and joan. this time, however, kate has the party and invites belle and joan to her mansion. again, they leave on bad terms, as well as joan and jerry. soon, kate and jerry sell the company because they were sabotaged by a businessman who’s offer to buy out the business was rejected. as a result, they were forced to sell the company to another businessman. now they are out of wealth and back to the doughnuts when all of a sudden, just before joan is to marry a frenchman, the same woman that came and gave belle the $50,000 for her mine comes and tells her they didn’t find any gold, just water. now, joan and jerry get married and belle and kate are back where they started, at the doughnut business!
corpus document1057
down the stretch
snapper sinclair's father once rode for stable owners patricia and cliff barrington, but later was found to have thrown races and was banned from the track. to keep snapper from being sent to reform school, patricia offers him a job. a fast but untamed horse called faithful quickly becomes snapper's favorite. he wins races as its jockey, but when he refuses to throw one for gamblers, they reveal publicly who snapper's father was and suspicion falls on snapper, who is no longer allowed any mounts. he leaves for england, where he becomes a very successful rider. one day the barringtons are there to enter faithful in a race. snapper discovers that they are nearly broke. he deliberately loses the race so that faithful can win. not sure where to turn next, snapper is pleased when the barringtons invite him to come back home.
corpus document1058
dracula's daughter
dracula's daughter begins a few moments after dracula ends. count dracula has just been destroyed by professor von helsing (edward van sloan). von helsing is taken by police to scotland yard, where he explains that he indeed did destroy count dracula, but because he had already been dead for over 500 years, it cannot be considered murder. instead of hiring a lawyer, he enlists the aid of a psychiatrist, dr. jeffrey garth (otto kruger), who was once one of his star students. meanwhile, dracula's daughter, countess marya zaleska (gloria holden), with the aid of her manservant, sandor (irving pichel), steals dracula’s body from scotland yard and ritualistically burns it, hoping to break her curse of vampirism. however, sandor soon begins to discourage her telling her that all that is in her eyes is "death." she soon gives into her thirst for blood. the countess resumes her hunting, mesmerizing her victims with her exotic jeweled ring. after a chance meeting with dr. garth at a society party, the countess asks him to help her overcome the influence she feels from beyond the grave. the doctor advises her to defeat her cravings by confronting them and the countess becomes hopeful that her will, plus dr. garth's science, will be strong enough to overcome dracula's malevolence. the countess sends sandor to fetch her a model to paint; he returns with lili (nan grey). countess zaleska initially resists her urges but succumbs and attacks her. lili survives the attack and is examined by dr. garth through hypnosis; she reveals enough information to let dr. garth know that it was countess zaleska that attacked her, but suffers heart failure and dies. the countess gives up fighting her urges and accepts that a cure is not possible; she lures dr. garth to transylvania by kidnapping janet (marguerite churchill), his secretary, whom he has a playfully antagonistic relationship with, but now realizes that he cares for her. zaleska intends to transform dr. garth into a vampire to be her eternal companion. arriving at castle dracula in transylvania, dr. garth agrees to exchange his life for janet's. before he can be transformed, countess zaleska is destroyed when sandor shoots her through the heart with an arrow as revenge for her breaking her promise to make him immortal. he takes aim at dr. garth but is shot dead by a scotland yard policeman who, along with von helsing, have followed dr. garth from london.
corpus document1059
early to bed
chester beatty (ruggles) and tessie weeks (boland) have been engaged for 5 years and going together for 15 years before that. chester is reluctant to burden tessie with marriage because of his secret problem. he is a sleepwalker. when tessie finally does rope chester into marriage, he can't get time off from his boss of 26 years, mr. frisbee (mcwade). to resolve the problem, chester sets out to impress his boss by securing a big sales contract of glass eyes. he takes tessie and follows the rich doll company owner horace b. stanton (barbier) to a lakeside resort and befriends him. however, his sleep-walking make him a prime suspect in a thievery/murder case.
corpus document1060
earthworm tractors
in this slapstick romantic comedy, alexander botts is egged on by his sweetheart sally to do great things, so he writes a letter to the earthworm tractor company, and is hired as a salesman. he gets fired more than once, but is rehired by getting orders. he falls in love with mabel, daughter of cranky sam. eventually, he proves a super salesman by selling many tractors to sam, and wins mabel's love.[2]
corpus document1061
ellis island
donald cook and johnny arthur portray ins deportation officers at the ellis island immigrant station.
corpus document1062
exclusive story
in 1935, the numbers racket (selling of illegal lottery tickets) is big business throughout new york city, much of it controlled by mobsters, who are feared by the populace. meanwhile, crusading, likeable young newspaper reporter tim higgins has just published an expose of graft in the awarding of major city contracts, only to have his article challenged by the accused, who threatens to sue for libel. ordered by his editor to print an apology, higgins instead resigns his job in anger, despite having a young family to support. as he is about to leave the office meeting, he is approached by a young woman, ann devlin, the daughter of a kindly old shopkeeper near the waterfront. she pleads for higgins to help her father, who was just visited and ordered by a mob representative to aggressively increase his sales of lottery numbers to gullible store patrons. higgins over many days interviews ann, her father, and other witnesses, sometimes over dinner dates. he jokes to his wife that he is dating a blonde. at one point, higgins receives a package containing a dynamite bomb. mr. devlin eventually sells his store to a mr. comos, and with the money, boards a cruise ship to cuba. mr. comos is known to the mob and disliked by them. suddenly, radio news reports that devlin's ship is aflame and sinking off north carolina. higgins, over his wife's objections, hastily boards an open-cockpit(!) private airplane to fly and view the disaster, taking photographs of the burning ship. after some worry, they learn that mr. devlin is among the passengers rescued, and he later tells his daughter and higgins that the fire was caused by combustible material apparently planted by the mob, who must have known he was aboard. many other passengers died. due to having this incriminating knowledge, devlin is then ambused and killed by the mob. in the end, however, higgins and ann testify in court and the mobsters are convicted.
corpus document1063
f-man
johnny dime goes to california determined to become a government agent. he ends up a soda jerk instead, then lies to sweetheart molly carter when she follows him west, claiming he is working undercover. hogan, a detective, can't help him become a "g-man" so he bestows a fake title, f-man, on the gullible johnny. he becomes annoyed when johnny accidentally interferes with his own undercover operation, trying to bring gangster shaw to justice. johnny ends up getting himself shot and wounded, but apprehends shaw with a fake gun and becomes a hero by sheer luck.
corpus document1064
a face in the fog
june collyer (her last film) plays a meddlesome reporter who claims she can recognize "the fiend" because she saw his face in the fog (in a mirror). she becomes his target. fellow reporter (lloyd hughes) tries to protect her, along with a ditzy photographer (al. st. john). after there is a murder in a theater, the playwright (lawrence gray) pitches in to help solve the case. [1]
corpus document1065
the farmer in the dell
ma and pa boyer work a small farm in iowa, where they live with their daughter, adie. adie is dating her high school sweetheart, davy davenport. ma thinks that adie is pretty enough to be in the movies, and convinces pa to sell the farm and move the family to hollywood. once there, ma obtains a pair of passes to a studio, and convinces pa to take adie the following day. once on the set, they watch director chester hart as he films a scene about farm life. as the filming proceeds, pa offers some common sense hints on how to do things correctly. hart enjoys pa's honesty and offers him a small role in the film. pa doesn't tell ma about his acting job, and the following day ma invites nicky ranovitch, whom she believes to be an important hollywood producer over for dinner. nicky, however, is not a producer, but a money hungry con-artist who believes that the boyers are wealthy. pa becomes infuriated with ma's ambitions for adie, and in frustration confesses that he was given a role in the film. ma sees this as angle to help adie break into pictures and is delighted by the news. after a few days shooting the picture, pa is disillusioned, and wants to quit. hart, fearing that pa is being lured away by another studio, talks his studio into offering pa a $600 a week contract. unable to turn down such a lucrative offer, pa agrees. ma is ecstatic at the news. pa has to go film on location for a few days. while he is away, ma begins spending money like it is going out of style. she buys a new house and many extras. when pa returns home, he arrives in the midst of a lavish party ma is throwing, whose guest list includes ranovitch and many of his friends. adie has become enamored by the slick-talking foreigner, and has begun to hang around with him. this is another shock for pa, who announces that he's not rich, and intends to return to iowa, hoping everything will then return to normal. ranovitch, aware now of the financial situation of the boyers, leaves, and adie is reconciled with davenport. ma promises to amend her ways, and convinces pa not to return to iowa. he agrees, and resumes his acting career.
corpus document1066
florida special
newspaper reporter bangs carter and his rich buddy wally tucker end up on a train bound for florida with jewel thieves and wally's ex-girlfriend. bangs falls for a passenger, jerry quinn, along the way as they try to catch the crooks.
corpus document1067
follow the fleet
seaman "bake" baker (fred astaire) and sherry (ginger rogers) are former dance partners, now separated, with baker in the navy and sherry working as a dance hostess in a san francisco ballroom, paradise. bake visits the ballroom with his navy buddy "bilge" (randolph scott) during a period of liberty, reuniting with sherry (but costing her job), while bilge is initially attracted to sherry's sister connie (harriet hilliard). when connie begins to talk about marriage, bilge quickly diverts his attention towards a friend of sherry's, iris (astrid allwyn), a divorced socialite. the sailors return to sea while connie seeks to raise money to salvage her deceased sea-captain father's sailing ship. when the boys return to san francisco, bake attempts to get sherry a job in a broadway show, but fails amidst a flurry of mistaken identities and misunderstandings. he redeems himself by staging a benefit show which raises the final seven hundred dollars needed to refurbish the ship – although he has to jump ship in order to do so. bilge, now a chief petty officer, is ordered to locate and arrest him, but allows bake to complete the show. after the concert, bake and sherry are offered a show on broadway, which a.w.o.l. bake accepts on the proviso that sherry asks him to marry her. of course, he first has to be sent to the brig and take his punishment.
corpus document1068
freshman love
male students are tricked into joining billings college's rowing team when the coach, speed hammond, is able to persuade the school president's attractive daughter, joan simpkins, to recruit them. bob wilson is one of the rowers, but due to a problem with his grades, he ends up enrolling under a phony name. adversaries try everything, even music, to distract the billings crew during the big race, but the team holds on for victory.
corpus document1069
fury
en route to meet his fiancée, katherine grant (sylvia sidney), gas station owner joe wilson (spencer tracy) is arrested on flimsy circumstantial evidence for the kidnapping of a child. gossip soon travels around the small town, growing more distorted through each retelling, until a mob gathers at the jail. when the resolute sheriff (edward ellis) refuses to give up his prisoner, the enraged townspeople burn down the building, two of them also throwing dynamite into the flames as they flee the scene. unknown to anyone else there, the blast frees wilson, but kills his little dog rainbow, who had run in to comfort him in the cell. the district attorney (walter abel) brings the main perpetrators to trial for murder, but nobody is willing to identify the guilty, and several provide false alibis. the case seems hopeless, but then the prosecutor produces hard evidence: newsreel footage of twenty-two people caught in the act. however, katherine is troubled by one piece of evidence. the defense attorney had tried to get his clients off by claiming that there was no proof joe was killed, but an anonymous letter writer had returned a partially melted ring belonging to joe. katherine notices that a word is misspelled just as joe used to spell it. she discovers that joe escaped the fire and that joe's brothers are helping him get his revenge by concealing his survival and framing the defendants for his murder. she goes to see joe and pleads with him to stop the charade, but he is determined to make his would-be killers pay. however, his conscience starts preying on him and, in the end, just as the verdicts are being read, he walks into the courtroom and sets things straight.
corpus document1070
the gay desperado
chivo, a singer who works in a movie theater providing live entertainment, is and apprehended by a music-loving mexican bandit braganza who wants to make chivo part of his band. braganza, who admires american gangsters, also kidnaps jane and her rich boyfriend, bill. to become more like the american movie gangsters he admires.
corpus document1071
go west, young man
mavis arden (mae west), is a movie star who gets romantically involved with a politician. she makes plans to meet him at her next tour stop but her rolls royce breaks down and she is left stranded in the middle of a rural town. her manager arranges for her to stay at a local boarding house. she immediately set her eyes on the young mechanic, fixing her car, bud norton, played by randolph scott. west sings the arthur johnston/john burke song, i was saying to the moon as she is trying to seduce scott.[4]
corpus document1072
gold diggers of 1937
meek, aging, hypochondriac stage producer j.j. hobart (victor moore), who always thinks he is about to die, is going to mount a new show, but his partners morty wethered (osgood perkins) and tom hugo (charles d. brown) lost the money for the show in the stock market. on the advice of chorus girl genevieve larkin (glenda farrell), they insure j.j. for a million dollars, so that when he dies, they will have the money they need to produce the show. genevieve's friend, ex-chorus girl norma perry (joan blondell) is sweet on insurance salesman rosmer "rossi" peek (dick powell), and he writes the policy. when rosmer's boss, andy callahan (william b. davidson) finds out how old j.j. is, he is afraid he wil not pass the physical, but when hobart does, rosmer decides he has to keep j.j. alive as long as possible, to reap the rewards of his sale. on the other hand, morty and hugo have everything to gain if j.j. dies, and they try to help things along. when that fails, they talk genevieve into seducing j.j., but she ends up falling in love with him instead. rosmer finds out the reason for the insurance policy, and talks his boss, callahan, into investing in j.j.'s show, to save the company the money it would have to pay if j.j. dropped dead after learning he was broke and could not put on the show. when the show is a success genevieve and j.j. get married, and so do norma and rosmer.[4]
corpus document1073
the golden arrow
johnny jones (brent) is a penniless newspaper reporter assigned to interview daisy appleby (davis), heiress to the appleby facial creams fortune and the target of numerous suitors anxious to latch onto her wealth. what neither they nor johnny know is that she is really a cafeteria cashier hired by a public relations team to impersonate the socialite. she proposes a marriage of convenience that will free her from the cads pursuing her so she can find her ideal man and allow johnny leisure time to finish his novel. he agrees, and after they wed the company's board of directors try to place him under their control, as well. when johnny rebels and begins dating oil heiress hortense burke-meyers in retaliation, daisy, who realizes she truly loves him, tries to win him back by having her brother-in-law alfred parker impersonate an old beau in an effort to make johnny jealous.
corpus document1074
grand jury
george taylor is one of the scions of town. when his son, john taylor, is called to sit on the town's grand jury, the younger taylor laments the necessity of the duty. his father quickly upbraids him for his lack of civic responsibility. the trial he is to serve on the grand jury for is to determine whether a local racketeer, joseph britt, should be tried for the murder of a young man. fearful of vengeance by britt, the grand jury refuses to indict. as he leaves the courtroom, britt is shot and wounded by tom evans, the father of the murder victim. evans is also a friend of george taylor. a young cub reporter, steve o'connell, is filling in for a more senior reporter, scores the story, ingratiating himself to his boss. o'connell is engaged to edith taylor, george's granddaughter. using his connections, george taylor gets o'connell into see evans, where he learns that evans has evidence which will incriminate britt, as well as several prominent local businessmen. when the story hits the papers, one of those prominent citizens, jim hanify, concocts a plot to have evans released from jail, so that the gang can kill him. george taylor is drafted to lead the cause to have evans paroled, not knowing the true motives of hanify. as he and o'connell walk evans out of the jail, evans is gunned down by the mobsters. when o'connell is scooped by other reporters, in spite of him being an eyewitness to the murder, he is fired by his boss. when the elder taylor decides to track down the killers, he receives a threatening phone call from britt, after which john taylor hires a bodyguard to protect his father. george eludes the bodyguard, and blunders onto the hideout of the gang. while he is eavesdropping on the gangsters, he mistakenly believes their conversation as they are playing monopoly to be a real conversation about their criminal activities. eventually he is discovered and captured by the mobsters. when o'connell shows up to rescue him, he is also captured. however, just before they are about to be shot by britt, the police arrive to rescue the two. george stone is acclaimed as a local hero, and o'connell redeems himself in the eyes of his editor, who rehires him with a promotion and raise, which will allow him to afford to marry edith.
corpus document1075
the great ziegfeld
the son of a highly respected music professor, florenz "flo" ziegfeld, jr. yearns to make his mark in show business. he begins by promoting eugen sandow, the "world's strongest man", at the 1893 chicago world's fair, overcoming the competition of rival billings and his popular attraction, belly dancer little egypt, with savvy marketing (allowing women to feel sandow's muscles). ziegfeld returns to his father and young mary lou at the chicago musical college, and departs to san francisco, where he and sandow are deemed frauds for putting on a show in which sandow faces a lion who falls asleep as soon as it is let out of the cage. flo travels to england on an ocean liner, where he runs into billings again who is laughing at a newspaper article denouncing him as a fraud. flo discovers that billings is on his way to sign a contract with beautiful french star, anna held. despite losing all his money gambling at monte carlo, flo charms anna into signing with him instead, pretending that he doesn't know billings. anna twice almost sends him away for his rudeness and for being broke, before revealing that she appreciates his honesty. ziegfeld promises to give her "more publicity than she ever dreams of" and to feature her alongside america's most prominent theatrical performers. at first, anna's performance at the herald square theatre is not a success. however, flo manages to generate publicity by sending 20 gallons of milk to anna every day for a fictitious milk bath beauty treatment, then refusing to pay the bill. the newspaper stories soon bring the curious to pack his theater, and ziegfeld introduces eight new performers to back her. audience members comment on how the milk must make her skin beautiful and the show is a major success. flo sends anna flowers and jewelry and a note saying "you were magnificent my wife", and she agrees to marry him, flaunting her new diamonds to her fellow performers. however, one success is not enough for the showman. he has an idea for an entirely new kind of show featuring a bevy of blondes and brunettes, one that will "glorify" the american girl. the new show, the ziegfeld follies, an opulent production filled with beautiful women and highly extravagant costumes and sets, is a smash hit, and is followed by more versions of the follies. ziegfeld tries to make a star out of audrey dane, who is plagued with alcoholism, and he lures fanny brice away from vaudeville, showering both with lavish gifts. he gives stagehand ray bolger his break as well. mary lou, now a young woman, visits ziegfeld, who doesn't recognize her initially, and hires her as a dancer. the new production upsets anna, who realizes that flo's world does not revolve around just her, and she becomes envious of the attention he pays to audrey. she divorces him after walking in on flo and a drunk audrey at the wrong moment. audrey walks out on flo and the show after an angry confrontation. broke, flo borrows money from billings for a third time for the new show. flo meets the red-headed broadway star billie burke and soon marries her. when she hears the news, a heartbroken anna telephones flo and pretends to be glad for him. flo and billie eventually have a daughter named patricia. flo's new shows are a success, but after a while, the public's taste changes, and people begin to wonder if the times have not passed him by. after a string of negative reviews in the press, flo overhears three men in a barber's shop saying that he'll "never produce another hit". stung, he vows to have four hits on broadway at the same time. he achieves his goal, with the hits show boat (1927), rio rita (1927), whoopee! (1928), and the three musketeers, and invests over $1 million (us$14,251,938 in 2017 dollars[5]) of his earnings in the stock market. however, the stock market crash of 1929 bankrupts him, forcing billie to return to the stage. shaken by the reversal of his financial fortunes and the growing popularity of movies over live stage shows, he becomes seriously ill. billings pays him a friendly visit, and the two men agree to become partners in a new, even grander production of the ziegfeld follies. but the reality is that both men are broke and ziegfeld realizes this. in the final scene in his apartment overlooking the ziegfeld theatre, in a half-delirium, he recalls scenes from several of his hits, exclaiming, "i've got to have more steps, higher, higher", before slumping over dead in his chair.
corpus document1076
the green pastures
god tests the human race in this reenactment of bible stories set in the world of black american folklore.
corpus document1077
her master's voice
a wealthy woman moves her niece to her estate and away from her niece's jobless husband, who the aunt believes is a worthless bum. through a misunderstanding, the husband is hired to work at the estate and complications ensue.
corpus document1078
high tension
cable layer steve reardon (brian donlevy) is in a tank at the bottom of the ocean near hawaii reading an adventure story "the son of neptune", written by his girlfriend edith mcneil (glenda farrell) who based the stories on steve's life. after repairing the cable he was sent to fix, steve returns to san francisco and asks his boss willard stone (robert mcwade) for a $1000 bonus and two weeks vacation so that he can marry edith. later, steve and edith have an argument, when he arrives hours late for their date and complains that she is taking too long to get dress. steve, believing that edith has been using him to get inspiration for her stories, storms out. at a bar, he meets piano player eddie mitchell (norman foster) and gets into a fight with two men who try to steal steve's money, and is knocked out unconscious. the next day, steve wakes up in eddie's apartments. when steve learns that eddie studied engineering in college, he offers help to his new friend to become a real engineer. one year later, eddie has become an engineer and together with steve they return to san francisco. steve buys an engagement ring for edith. he has not seen her since their argument. when steve arrives at her apartment and finds her with the heavyweight boxing champion, terry madden (joe sawyer), the subject of her new series "ladies love champions", he gets into a fight with terry. steve is arrested and edith bails him out of jail. they agree to marry if their romance lasts more than 6 months. steve goes to work for f. willoughly tuttle, while eddie takes the position as superintendent of the honolulu station. in honolulu, eddie encounters hostility from chief engineer noble harrison (theodore von eltz), who believes that he should've gotten eddie's job. when noble informs the head office that eddie plans to correct a shifting coral formation which threatens to wreck their frayed cable by blasting; steve convince the head office into sending him to honolulu to help eddie. when he tells edith about the transfer and reveals that he agreed to stay on the job for one year, she becomes angry and ends their engagement. in honolulu, steve fires noble and begins to flirt with brenda burke, eddie's secretary (whom eddie has grown quite fond of). brenda, tired of eddie's lack of interest, accepts steve's flirtation. when steve spontaneously sends a picture of himself with brenda in a bathing suit to edith, she is furious and decides to go to hawaii and give back his engagement ring personally. meanwhile, in honolulu eddie warns steve not to play with brenda's feeling and steve realize that eddie is in love with brenda. later, steve meet up with edith, they spend the evening together and reconciles. when steve fails to show up for a 6 a.m. blast, eddie, trying to impress brenda, decides to go ahead with the blast without him. after eddie dives into the coral, his air line is blocked. steve arrives and rescues eddie as brenda and edith watch on shore. afterwards, brenda and eddie embrace, and a telegraph arrives from the head office saying that if steve marries edith, he will get a five-year contract and that she has permission to travel with him and get her stories.
corpus document1079
his brother's wife
at the rothmore institute in new york city, professor fahrenheim prepares to travel to the jungles of south america on a two-year project to find a cure for spotted fever, which has been ravaging the rothmore mines. fahrenheim's research assistant, chris claybourne, agrees to accompany him, but insists on taking a few weeks off before the trip in order to have some fun. chris ends up at a gambling club run by a crooked mobster name "fish-eye" and soon loses five thousand dollars on credit. that night, chris meets beautiful model rita wilson, who tags along on his gambling spree. in the coming days, the two fall in love, and when she learns that he will soon be leaving for the jungle, she persuades him to stay. when fish-eye demands immediate payment of his gambling debt, chris turns to his brother tom for financial assistance. suspicious of rita, tom offers to pay chris' debt, but only if he leaves for the jungles as planned—and without rita. chris agrees to the proposal and postpone his marriage to rita until after he returns in two years. angered by his decision, rita breaks off the relationship and returns on her own to the gambling club, where she accepts fish-eye's offer to work for him as an escort to lure wealthy gamblers to his club in exchange for paying off chris' debt. soon after, tom visits the gambling club and sees rita, who confesses that it was she who paid chris' debt with money she inherited from her grandmother. later that year, on christmas eve, chris returns to new york city and learns that tom and his fiancée have broken up, and that his brother resigned from his position at the hospital. when pressed for an explanation, tom tells chris that he fell in love with rita and that they were secretly married, but later she ridiculed him and refused to stay with him. believing the worst about rita, chris goes to the gambling club looking for her. filled with remorse over her actions, she confesses her mistakes and admits that she still loves him, not his brother. chris proposes that she accompany him to the jungle as a friend and wait for tom to agree to a divorce before renewing their relationship. a few months later, when word arrives that tom obtained the divorce, chris tells rita that he planned all this in order to get back at her for her actions. when she offers to let him use her to test their new serum, chris refuses and bitterly sends her away. initially, professor fahrenheim planned to test the serum on chris, but now he has second thoughts about the potential danger to his assistant. when rita learns that chris will be used for the testing, she secretly injects herself with the disease in order to save chris. moved by her actions and realizing that he still loves her, chris produces more serum and saves rita's life. soon after, chris and rita get married and sail back to new york city.
corpus document1080
hollywood boulevard
the film portrays, in a comic expose of gossip magazines of the time, has-been actor john blakeford (halliday) agreeing to write his memoirs for magazine publisher jordan winston (gordon). when blakeford's daughter, patricia (hunt), asks him to desist for the sake of his ex-wife, carlotta blakeford (marsh), he attempts to break his contract with winston.
corpus document1081
hopalong cassidy returns
town marshal hopalong cassidy investigates the murder of a gold miner who was killed before he could file his claim.
corpus document1082
house of secrets
the film opens on a ship where barry wilding (leslie fenton) and julie kenmore (muriel evans) meet on their way to england. on reaching there barry finds out that he has inherited a house that belonged to his forefathers, to see how it looks like he goes there one night but finds out that it has been occupied by an old man and his daughter, the same girl he met on ship. the mystery evokes when he comes to know that suspicious people are after the house and strange things are happening.
corpus document1083
the invisible ray
a visionary astronomer, dr. janos rukh (boris karloff) has invented a telescope that can look far out into deep space, into the andromeda galaxy, and photograph light rays that will show the earth's past. he has theorized this as being possible for some years, much to his discredit among his fellow scientist-colleagues. looking at the remote past on a planetarium-like dome in his lab, two of those ardently skeptical scientists, dr. benet (bela lugosi) and sir francis stevens (walter kingsford), watch a large meteorite smash into the earth a billion years ago in what is now the continent of africa. amazed by rukh's demonstration, the pair invite him to go on an expedition to locate the impact site. rukh finds the meteorite in africa but is exposed to its unknown radiation, dubbed "radium x". this causes him to glow in the dark and to make his mere touch instantaneous deadly to any living thing. the exposure also begins to warp his mind. returning to the base camp, he entreats dr. benet to devise a means of neutralizing radium x's poisoning effect. benet develops a serum that holds the lethal element's toxicity at bay, but rukh must take regular doses of the antidote or he will revert to being a luminous killing machine. rukh returns to his jungle base and learns from benet that this situation has been complicated all along by the romantic relationship between rukh's wife, diana (frances drake), and ronald drake (frank lawton), the nephew of lady arabella stevens (beulah bondi), dr. stevens' wife. benet takes a piece of the meteorite back to europe, where he modifies its effects to help people, including curing the blind. working along similar lines, rukh cures his mother's blindness as well, but in spite of her warning, he goes to paris to confront benet and the others. there he pretends to acknowledge his wife's new relationship with drake, in reality it is the first step of his plan for revenge. rukh murders a frenchman who closely resembles him, making it appear that he has died and been rendered unrecognizable by an accident with radium x. believing the deception, diana marries ronald. rukh now begins to use his radiation poisoning to kill off the members of the expedition. he marks each death by disintegrating a single statue on the exterior of a church across from where he is hiding. each time, he focuses the radiation through a window using a raygun-like apparatus. rukh manages to kill both of the stevenses before the police realize what is happening. dr. benet helps them set a trap by convening a conference of scientists at his home to discuss radium x, but rukh secretly gains access and kills benet. he has saved his revenge on ronald and diana for last, but finds himself unable to kill his wife. this hesitation brings him to a confrontation with his mother, the most important woman in his life. she has foreseen her son's growing madness and smashes the last of his antidote bottles to stop him. as the radium x begins to consume him from within, rukh jumps from a window. he disappears in an explosive flame, vaporized before reaching the ground.
corpus document1084
isle of fury
the film begins by displaying a map of the pacific ocean and the adage: "there still remain far from the lanes of travel, myriads of unmarked islands, the refuge of lost men." on the island of tankana in the south pacific, a marriage is taking place between val stevens (humphrey bogart) and lucille gordon (margaret lindsay). the ceremony is interrupted by word that a ship is sinking on an offshore reef during a storm. val hurries through the exchange of vows, and then rushes out to rescue captain deever (paul graetz) and his passenger, eric blake (donald woods). val, who is in charge of a pearl business, hears that the natives who dive for him refuse to enter the ocean, as two of their men never surfaced. eric joins val and lucille on a pearl-fishing expedition in which val suits up in a diving outfit in order to show the natives that there is nothing to fear about. after being submerged at the spot where the natives disappeared, he gets attacked by a giant octopus, with his line loosening from the boat. eric jumps in the water with a knife and kills the octopus, freeing val from its tentacles. after this, a friendship grows stronger between the men. since first meeting lucille after being rescued, eric has been smitten by her beauty. feelings of love begin to appear among them. in his speeches, dr. hardy (e. e. clive) slyly seems to prod eric to follow his feelings towards lucille. the doctor instructs the captain to spy on the incipient romance. eric rescues val a second time when two natives attempt to steal the pearls during a hold-up in his office. val then urges eric to stay on the island and become his partner, but eric, who has asked lucille to accompany him, refuses, telling val that he must sail on to his destination. during one of their talks while drinking highballs, the doctor tells eric that he knows that he is a detective who was sent to the island to capture val who is wanted in the united states for a murder. but, eric says that he has changed his mind, as he now feels that val is innocent. the captain, though, believes that eric is the wanted fugitive and tells val that he is going to turn him in for the reward. val angrily dismisses the accusation, but the captain tells val that his wife and eric are currently making love. val rushes home, while the captain steals his gun. val abruptly confronts the two who are talking, but the doctor enters and soothes val's anger, and eric confesses that he came to the island to capture val. the captain, while spying on the group from an open window and realizing that he has been hunting the wrong man, bursts into the room and holds val by gunpoint. lucille's grandfather emerges from a room and shoots the captain dead. lucille expresses her interest in staying with val, and eric leaves the island to report that the wanted fugitive is dead.
corpus document1085
it couldn't have happened – but it did
theatrical writer greg stone (reginald denny) is rehearsing with his troupe. some secrets between the actors. and some problems with contracts to be signed with the producers. then two murders. stone is forced into investigating ...
corpus document1086
the jungle princess
christopher powell is in malaya with his fiancée and her father, capturing wild animals. while out hunting, he is attacked by a tiger, and his native guides run away, leaving him for dead. but the tiger is the pet of ulah, a beautiful young woman who grew up by herself in the jungle. she rescues chris and takes him back to her cave, where she nurses him to health and falls in love with him. when he eventually returns to camp, she follows. his fiancée is jealous, and the natives do not like ulah or her pet tiger either, all of which leads to a lot of trouble.
corpus document1087
ladies in love
three young women share the rent for a fashionable apartment in budapest. martha insists the other two follow a gypsy superstition when moving into a new place, counting the corners of a room and then making a wish: susie wishes for a hat shop and to be independent of men, yoli for a rich husband, and martha for "the impossible", a good home, a man and children.
corpus document1088
the last of the mohicans
during the french and indian war, alice (binnie barnes) and cora munro (heather angel), the two daughters of colonel munro (hugh buckler), commander of a british fort, set out from albany to join their father. they are escorted by major duncan heyward (henry wilcoxon), who has loved alice for a long time, and by the huron indian magua (bruce cabot). magua is secretly an enemy of the british. magua betrays them, but they are rescued by a colonial scout named hawkeye (randolph scott) and his friends, the last two members of the mohican tribe, chingachgook (robert barrat) and his son uncas (phillip reed). on their way to the fort, uncas falls in love with cora, while hawkeye and alice are attracted to each other. the fort is besieged by the french, under general montcalm (william stack), and their indian allies. hawkeye sneaks out at night and overhears magua's treacherous plans to raid the unprotected colonial settlements. colonel munro refuses to accept hawkeye's unsupported word, and forbids the colonials to leave to protect their loved ones. hawkeye arranges for the men to depart, but remains behind. munro has no choice but to pronounce a death sentence on him for his actions. magua incites his men to attack the fort to forestall an agreement between montcalm and munro that would allow the british to surrender the fort peacefully in exchange for their lives. before montcalm can stop the fighting, munro is fatally wounded and his daughters are carried off by magua and a small band of his supporters. magua tells the women that cora will become his squaw, and alice will be burned alive. hawkeye and his friends break out of the stockade and set out in pursuit, as does heyward. when they reach a stream, they are forced to split up. hawkeye and chingachgook search downstream, heyward and uncas upstream. uncas picks up the trail and, unwilling to wait for the others, hurries ahead by himself. he manages to free cora, but they are trapped on top of a cliff. uncas kills one man, but magua sends him plummeting to the bottom of the cliff. rather than becoming magua's woman, cora chooses to jump to her death. the dying uncas drags himself over to her lifeless body and takes her hand in his before succumbing. chingachgook arrives and challenges magua to fight one-on-one. hawkeye prevents heyward from interfering. chinachgook drowns magua in the river. meanwhile, alice is taken to a large enemy settlement to be burned at the stake. hawkeye sends chingachgook to stand guard, then tells heyward that hawkeye must offer himself in exchange for alice. heyward offers to sacrifice himself, but hawkeye tells him that the indians would not trade alice for a british officer they do not know. it must be an enemy warrior they respect highly, and hawkeye meets that description. heyward knocks out hawkeye and takes his clothes, because the enemy does not know what hawkeye looks like. heyward enters the armed camp and bargains for alice's release. hawkeye awakens and follows him. faced with two men claiming to be hawkeye, the enemy chief decides the winner of a shooting contest must be the real one, and he is proved right. before she leaves, alice kisses hawkeye. then he is tied to a stake and the wood around him set on fire. alice and the others encounter a british relief force led by general abercrombie. they storm the camp and free hawkeye. hawkeye faces a court-martial, but heyward has the charges dismissed. hawkeye enlists in the british army and sets out with them to attack canada. alice tells him she will be waiting for him at albany.
corpus document1089
the lawless nineties
in the 1890s, undercover federal agents john tipton (wayne) and bridger (chandler) head for crocket city, wyoming to supervise the vote on whether to join the union. one group of local outlaws organized by charles plummer (harry woods) is using dynamite to terrorize the populace and ensure that the vote fails. in the chaos, tipton and bridger are separated and tipton befriends a trio of settlers harassed by outlaws. they are major carter (hayes), his daughter janet (rutherford) and their servant moses (fred toones). carter has recently become the new editor and publisher of the local newspaper, the crocket city blade, and when he announces plans to use the power of the press to fight lawlessness and aid the statehood cause, he is threatened by plummer and subsequently shot and murdered by one of his men in a staged fight. when plummer's henchmen eventually kill bridger, after learning of his status as a government agent, tipton fights on. he sends fake telegrams that trap some of plummer's men. then he organizes the ranchers and on election day they descend on the town barricaded by plummer's gang and defeated the gang leader and his henchmen. on the day of the election, the villains actually initially stop the homesteaders from voting but tipton leads in a bunch of agents and ranchers to crush the outlaws. it results in all the baddies brought to justice, wyoming becoming a state and tipton getting the pretty girl, janet.
corpus document1090
libeled lady
wealthy connie allenbury (myrna loy) is falsely accused of breaking up a marriage and sues the new york evening star newspaper for $5,000,000 for libel. warren haggerty (spencer tracy), the managing editor, turns in desperation to former reporter and suave ladies' man bill chandler (william powell) for help. bill's scheme is to maneuver connie into being alone with him when his wife shows up, so that the suit will have to be dropped. bill is not married, so warren volunteers his long-suffering fiancée, gladys benton (jean harlow), to marry bill in name only, over her loud protests. bill arranges to return to america from england on the same ocean liner as connie and her father j. b. (walter connolly). he pays some men to pose as reporters and harass connie at the dock, so that he can "rescue" her and become acquainted. on the voyage, connie initially treats him with contempt, assuming that he is just the latest in a long line of fortune hunters after her money, but bill gradually overcomes her suspicions. complications arise when connie and bill actually fall in love. they get married, but gladys decides that she prefers bill to a marriage-averse newspaperman and interrupts their honeymoon to reclaim her husband. bill reveals that he found out that gladys' yucatán divorce was not valid, but gladys states she got a second divorce in reno, so she and bill are actually man and wife. fortunately, connie and bill manage to show gladys that she really loves warren.
corpus document1091
little lord fauntleroy
young cedric "ceddie" errol (freddie bartholomew) and his widowed mother, whom he calls "dearest" (dolores costello), live frugally in 1880s brooklyn after the death of his father. cedric's prejudiced english grandfather, the earl of dorincourt (c. aubrey smith), had long ago disowned his son for marrying an american. the earl sends his lawyer havisham (henry stephenson) to bring ceddie to england. as the earl's sons are all dead, ceddie is the heir to the title. mrs. errol accompanies her son to england, but is not allowed to live at dorincourt castle. for cedric's happiness, she does not tell him it is because of his grandfather's bigotry. the earl's lawyer is impressed with the young widow's wisdom. however, the earl expresses skepticism when mr. havisham informs him that cedric's mother will not accept an allowance from him. cedric soon wins the hearts of his stern grandfather and everyone else. the earl hosts a grand party to proudly introduce his grandson to british society, notably his sister lady constantia lorridaile (constance collier). after the party, havisham informs the earl that cedric is not the heir apparent after all. american minna tipton (helen flint) insists her son tom (jackie searl) is the offspring of her late husband, the earl's eldest son. heartbroken, the earl accepts her apparently valid claim, though tom proves to be a rather obnoxious lad. fortunately for ceddie, his friend dick tipton (mickey rooney) recognises minna from her newspaper picture. he takes his brother ben, tom's real father, to england and disproves minna's claim. the earl apologises to ceddie's mother and invites her to live with the delighted ceddie on his estate.
corpus document1092
lloyd's of london
on the last day of 1770, youngster jonathan blake (freddie bartholomew) overhears two sailors discussing something suspicious in his aunt's ale-house in a norfolk fishing village. he persuades his more respectable best friend, horatio nelson (douglas scott), to sneak aboard the sailors' ship with him. they overhear a plot involving insurance fraud. when jonathan decides to warn the insurers, horatio cannot accompany him, because that same day he is invited to join the royal navy as a midshipman. jonathan walks all the way to london to lloyd's coffee house, where the insurers conduct their business. mr. angerstein (guy standing), the head of one of the syndicates that make up lloyd's of london, listens to him. instead of a monetary reward, jonathan asks to work at lloyd's as a waiter.[n 1] angerstein teaches him that news, "honestly acquired and honestly shared," is the lifeblood of the insurance industry. many years later, jonathan shows angerstein a system of semaphore telegraph apparatuses he has invented, which can relay messages across the english channel in five minutes. while gathering news in france, disguised as a french priest, he rescues elizabeth (madeleine carroll), a secretive young englishwoman picked up by the french after napoleon orders the arrest of all english people. on the boat trip back to england, they fall in love. jonathan calls on her uninvited and learns that she is lady stacy, married to lord everett stacy (george sanders), a gambler who has been frequently refused admission to the syndicates at lloyds. insulted at being dismissed by stacy as a mere "waiter" at lloyds, jonathan vows to make himself so rich and powerful that even the aristocracy will have to pay him respect.[n 2] he succeeds, setting up his own syndicate and known as "lucky blake," but his attitude becomes cynical and hardened, his transactions more like gambling than insurance. jonathan meets lord and lady stacy again and he begins seeing her in secret. stacy, with heavy gambling losses and hounded by creditors, inveigles jonathan to give him a share of the profits of his syndicate by insinuating he will expose them. but war with france results in disastrous losses that threaten to bankrupt lloyd's. when the insurers raise their rates, british ship owners complain that the charges are exorbitant and refuse to sail unless the old rates are restored. angerstein proposes that the old rates be restored by persuading the admiralty to provide armed escorts to the merchant vessels. but horatio nelson now commands the royal navy's mediterranean fleet and jonathan objects that such a course would reduce nelson's fleet by half at a time when it needs to keep the french fleet blockaded in toulon, putting england's survival in the balance. he commits his syndicate to the old rates without escorts, single-handedly keeping british commerce going and nelson's force intact. stacy hounds jonathan for funds but as the losses mount, the syndicate runs out of money and he refuses. elizabeth agrees to give her newly inherited fortune to stacy in return for a divorce. however the french fleet escapes nelson's blockade anyway and jonathan is abandoned by his syndicate members. elizabeth forsakes her divorce and puts her fortune at his disposal over his protests. soon even this runs out. lord drayton, first lord the admiralty and stacy's uncle, agrees to order half of nelson's fleet to convoy the merchant ships. before the order can be sent, jonathan receives a letter from nelson thanking him for his sacrifices and urging him "at all costs" to protect his fleet from being divided. determined to buy nelson more time, jonathan secretly sends a false message from france reporting a victory by nelson. stacy, however, learns that jonathan was in calais on the day the message was sent and goes to angerstein, who warns him that if he denounces jonathan as a traitor, he himself will be ruined too, since unbeknown to stacy, elizabeth's fortune is tied up in the syndicate as well. stacy finds jonathan and elizabeth in each other's arms and shoots his rival in the back. jonathan, however, has bought enough time for nelson to win the battle of trafalgar, at cost of his own life. a recovering jonathan watches sadly from the window as his childhood friend's funeral procession passes by.
corpus document1093
love before breakfast
kay colby (carole lombard) is a park avenue beauty with two suitors: fiancé bill wadsworth (cesar romero) and scott miller (preston foster). to clear his way, scott buys the oil company bill works for and sends him to japan. then he sends his own girl friend, countess campanella (betty lawford), to honolulu to get her out of the way as well. kay is upset by bill's leaving, and annoyed by scott pressing his suit, but scott has the assistance and approval of kay's mother (janet beecher) in his efforts, and the advice of his friend and business partner, brinkerhoff (richard carle).[1]
corpus document1094
love on a bet
to finance a new play, michael mccreigh needs $15,000. he proposes an outrageous wager with his rich uncle carlton, that without clothes or money, michael can make it from new york city to los angeles in 10 days, and arrive there in a new suit with $100. if not, he will quit the theater and go into his uncle's meatpacking business. dropped off from a limousine in only his undergarments, michael dashes into a diner. there he encounters paula gilbert and her beau jackson wallace, promptly stealing her coat and his tux. while hitchhiking, by coincidence, paula and her aunt charlotte come along. to the consternation of her aunt, who prefers jackson's prospects, paula begins to fall for michael. his various schemes earn him money on the way west, but after two escaped convicts rob them, paula becomes aware of michael's bet and is disappointed in him. he manages to get to l.a. just in time, with reward money for capturing the fugitives, and paula forgives him. then she demands that he go into his uncle's meatpacking trade after all.
corpus document1095
love on the run
rival london-based american newspaper correspondents michael "mike" anthony (clark gable) and barnabas "barney" pells (franchot tone) flip a coin to determine who will cover which of two boring assignments. mike gets to cover the wedding of millionairess sally parker (joan crawford) to fortune-seeking prince igor (ivan lebedeff), while barney has to interview aviator baron otto spandermann (reginald owen) and his wife, baroness hilda (mona barrie). when mike sees sally running out of the church, he follows her, hoping to get a story. at her hotel, mike runs into the suspicious barney, but does not tell him what just happened. he then sneaks into sally's hotel room, tells her that he has admired her for years, and suggests that he help her "get away from it all." when the gigolo prince comes to the hotel, mike slugs him when the prince recognizes him as a reporter. he and sally run away, using the baron and baroness's flying suits as disguises. barney chases them to the airport, but is too late. they fly away, though neither is a pilot. just before they crash land in france, they find a munitions map in a bouquet of flowers intended for the baroness and realize that the aviators are spies. although mike has sent a secret cablegram about sally to his editor, lees berger (william demarest), in new york, he is even more excited about the spy story. in paris, mike and sally are found by barney, then are spotted by the baron and baroness. barney comes along when they flee, but mike pushes him into the back of the truck they steal and convinces sally that barney is a lowlife reporter. by nightfall, they arrive at the palace of fontainebleau and sneak in to spend the night. during the evening, they realize that they are in love, and mike tries to tell her that he is a reporter, but cannot. next morning, barney finds them again, but sally does not believe him when he accuses mike of being a reporter too. soon, however, an ashamed mike gives her a newspaper with his byline. he apologizes and tells her he loves her, but she sends him away. when barney arrives, she says she will give him the greatest story of his career, and they go off to make headlines. a short time later, while they are traveling by train to nice, sally realizes that she still loves mike and wants to go to him, but just then the baron and baroness come into their compartment with guns and demand that sally give them the map. when they do not find it, after pushing barney off the train, they leave. barney catches up with mike at a cafe in paris and tells him what happened, mike decides to save sally. in nice, mike is reunited with sally, and they go to the train station. in the station, the baroness switches clothes with sally in the ladies room, then goes with mike, posing as sally. the baron finds sally and takes her to a restaurant. she tries to alert the police, but when two policemen arrive, they believe the baron's story that she stole his aircraft. the baron then kidnaps sally and the policemen and takes them to his chateau, where the baroness has mike bound and gagged. having followed mike and the baroness (thinking that she was sally), barney at first laughs at mike, then frees him. using various ruses, mike, sally and the policemen eventually overwhelm the spies. sally and mike go off, leaving barney tied up, but mike has a change of heart and returns, once again finding barney trying to get his story first by using the chateau phone to cable his editor. they finally agree to file a joint byline. sally and mike agree that they will soon be married.
corpus document1096
make way for a lady
june drew (anne shirley) is the daughter of widowed christopher drew (herbert marshall), who suffers in silence as his daughter tries to "match" him with every eligible woman in sight.[1]
corpus document1097
man of the frontier
in red river valley, banker hartley moore (frank larue) schemes to sabotage the efforts of citizens to secure water rights in order to win water profits for himself. following the murder of five men who were overseeing the completion of an irrigation system, gene autry (gene autry) is hired for the dangerous job of "ditch rider", in charge of patrolling the ditches to prevent malfunction or sabotage. at the red river land and irrigation company, steve conway (boothe howard) works for mary baxter (frances grant) and her father, george baxter (sam flint). jealous of mary's attention towards gene, conway joins moore in his scheming actions and hires bull dural and his gang to dynamite the water gates and kill the ditch riders. on his first night on the job, gene and his friend frog millhouse (smiley burnette) are almost killed. they apprehend bull's henchmen and turn them over to the sheriff. conway and bull then rob the payroll, accuse gene of the crime, and encourage baxter's workmen to revolt by destroying the dam. gene and frog go after bull, while baxter and the railroad conductor hold off the men at the dam until gene arrives with bull and the payroll. conway and moore steal the train in a desperate attempt to escape, but they are killed riding into dynamite. baxter successfully finishes the irrigation, after which, gene and mary ride off on their honeymoon.
corpus document1098
marihuana
burma is a confused girl who likes to party. one day she meets some strangers in a bar who invite her and her group to a party. she goes to the party with her friends, they all drink alcohol, only the girls at the party smoke marijuana unknowingly, and keep on laughing. burma and her boyfriend have sex on the beach while her friends go skinny-dipping. one of the girls drowns at the skinny-dipping party and the rest of the friends must keep the details of the party a secret. when burma tells her boyfriend she is pregnant (from their beach encounter), she pressures him to marry her. he says everything will be fine and turns to the strangers who threw the party for a job to support his family-to-be. the stranger gives him a job unloading smuggled drugs from a secret shipment to the docks. the police find out about this shipment, chase the smugglers, and shoot and kill burma's boyfriend. after burma finds out about this news, she runs away from home, is forced to give her child up for adoption, and becomes a drug dealer. burma moves on to harder drugs injecting heroin into herself. in the film's ending, burma hatches a plan to kidnap and ransom her sister's adopted daughter for $50,000, but she later finds out that the child is, in fact, her own.
corpus document1099
mary of scotland
mary (katharine hepburn), by assuming her throne as queen of scotland, strikes terror into the heart of queen elizabeth i (florence eldridge). after languishing in jail for 18 years at elizabeth's command, mary is offered a pardon if she will sign away her throne. will she accept the deal, or die instead?[6]
corpus document1100
a message to garcia
the film opens with the maine incident of 1898 in which an american warship blew-up in havana harbor, allegedly following sabotage by spain, triggering the outbreak of the spanish–american war. president mckinley, wishing to make contact with general calixto garcía, the leader of the cuban revolt against spain, summons an american army officer andrew summers rowan to the white house and gives him a message which he is to personally deliver into garcia's hands. rowan slips into cuba with the aid of the crew of a neutral british ship. but after discovering his mission, the spanish hire the cynical, amoral doctor krug to hunt down the american before he can reach garcia. after learning in havana of the general location of garcia rowan sets out in the company of raphaelita, a cuban patriot whose father has been killed by the spanish, and sergeant dory, a deserter from the american marines. both are convinced that rowan won't make it across the dangerous cuban interior without help. aided by villages of cuban patriots, they make their way towards their destination. they also encounter henry piper, a british merchant from sheffield, who has become lost in the cuban interior. spanish troops led by krug remain constantly on their trail, and succeed in wounding raphaelita. rowan leaves dory behind to care for her, but she orders dory to go after rowan to make sure he gets safely to his destination, believing that his message is more important than any one of their lives. dory successfully guides rowan past alligator-infested swamps and spanish patrols and delivers the lieutenant to where he believes garcia is, not realising that the area has recently been overrun by the spaniards. rowan falls into the hands of the spanish, and doctor krug begins torturing to discover the whereabouts of the message which rowan has hidden in the barrel of his pistol. dory, meanwhile, has been captured by the cuban rebels who wish to execute him for having previously sold them useless ammunition. dory's personal appeal to garcia for help to rescue rowan, who he now realises is in spanish hands, is refused and he faces the firing squad. only the dramatic arrival of the british merchant piper who verifies the truth of dory's story saves the american from being shot. garcia begins organizing a rescue attempt which dory volunteers for. rowan has resisted torture, and refused to break. but when the spanish bring in raphaelita, whom they have captured, she tries to persuade him to end his suffering and reveal the message. he still resists, holding out long enough until the cubans launch a major assault on the spanish positions. dory rescues rowan, but is killed in the process. rowan presents mckinley's message to garcia who tells him "this message means the liberation of our people".
corpus document1101
the milky way
timid milkman burleigh sullivan (lloyd) works for the american company, sunflower dairies. two drunk men try to chat up mae, burleigh's sister, and he chances by. in an ensuing brawl, speed mcfarland, the world middleweight champion, gets knocked out (but burleigh never in fact threw a punch; he merely ducked to get out of the way of a punch which brought the champ down). mcfarland's boss, the crooked gabby sloan (adolphe menjou), decides to promote sullivan in a series of fixed fights that will culminate in him being knocked out in a real fight with mcfarland. against all the odds, sullivan triumphs and becomes world champion.
corpus document1102
modern times
modern times portrays chaplin in his tramp persona as a factory worker employed on an assembly line. there, he is subjected to such indignities as being force-fed by a malfunctioning "feeding machine" and an accelerating assembly line where he screws nuts at an ever-increasing rate onto pieces of machinery. he finally suffers a nervous breakdown and runs amok, throwing the factory into chaos. he is sent to a hospital. following his recovery, the now unemployed factory worker is mistakenly arrested as an instigator in a communist demonstration. in jail, he accidentally ingests smuggled cocaine, mistaking it for salt. in his subsequent delirium, he avoids being put back in his cell. when he returns, he stumbles upon a jailbreak and knocks the convicts unconscious. he is hailed as a hero and given special treatment. when he is informed that he will soon be released due to his heroic actions, he argues unsuccessfully that he prefers it in jail. outside of jail, he applies for a new job but leaves after causing an accident. he runs into a recently orphaned girl, ellen (paulette goddard), who is fleeing the police after stealing a loaf of bread. determined to go back to jail and to save the girl, he tells police that he is the thief and ought to be arrested. a witness reveals his deception and he is freed. to get arrested again, he eats an enormous amount of food at a cafeteria without paying. he meets up with ellen in a paddy wagon, which crashes, and she convinces him to escape with her. dreaming of a better life, he gets a job as a night watchman at a department store, sneaks ellen into the store, and encounters three burglars: one of whom is "big bill", a fellow worker from the factory at the beginning of the film, who explains that they are hungry and desperate. after sharing drinks with them, he wakes up the next morning during opening hours and is arrested once more. ten days later, ellen takes him to a new home – a run-down shack that she admits "isn't buckingham palace" but will do. the next morning, the factory worker reads about an old factory re-opening and lands a job there as a mechanic's assistant. his boss accidentally falls into the machinery, but the worker manages to extricate him. the other workers suddenly decide to go on strike. outside, the worker accidentally launches a brick at a policeman and is arrested again. two weeks later, he is released and learns that ellen is a café dancer. she gets him a job as a singer and waiter, where he goes about his duties rather clumsily. during his floor show, he loses his cuffs, which bear the lyrics to his song, but he rescues the act by improvising the lyrics using gibberish from multiple languages, plus some pantomiming. his act proves a hit. when police arrive to arrest ellen for her earlier escape, the two flee again. ellen despairs that there's no point to their struggling, but the factory worker assures her that they'll make it somehow. at a bright dawn, they walk down the road towards an uncertain but hopeful future.
corpus document1103
the moon's our home
a comedy about marriage and everything relating to it. new york novelist henry fonda meets up with an actress, margaret sullavan, and the two date and later marry, though neither knows of the other's fame. the real adventure begins on the honeymoon, when this screwball comedy really heats up with insults and arguments.
corpus document1104
more than a secretary
carol baldwin (jean arthur) and helen davis (ruth donnelly) are the owners and instructors of the supreme secretarial school. they are concerned about their student maizie (dorothea kent), who cannot spell, take dictation or type. when the instructors ask her what she is doing at the school, she replies, "i'm here for the same reason that every other smart girl's here - to, uh, get a chance to meet nice men." they let her go. however, an equally inept former pupil drops by with a new student and informs them that she is getting married to a junior vice president, and maizie gets hired on the spot, despite carol's hint to her new employer that she is too inexperienced. this leads carol to wonder if these women are onto something. mr. gilbert (george brent), the editor of body and brain magazine, phones to complain to carol. he has fired numerous graduates of the school. she goes to his office to find out first-hand what he expects. he mistakes her for the new secretary and tells her to report to work in the morning. she is quickly smitten with him and does not correct him. gilbert is a fitness fanatic. he has ernest lead his staff in exercises at 11 o'clock and has them served a nutritious, if sparse, lunch. mr. crosby, the publisher and gilbert's boss, is startled by and skeptical of gilbert's methods. at the end of the day, carol is delighted when gilbert invites her to dinner. she orders a steak, but it tastes terrible. gilbert informs her that it is made of vegetables and nuts. when she gets home, she complains to her roommate helen, then enjoys a real steak. when carol tries to improve gilbert's latest article with some "cheesecake" photos of scantily clad women, he rejects them. he is then told by crosby to fix body and brain's declining circulation, but he still rejects carol's suggestions. when he catches a cold, carol implements her changes without permission, so gilbert fires her. later, gilbert apologizes; the latest issue has sold out. he rehires her and agrees to soften his office rules. their relationship heats up. then his friend bill houston asks him for a favor. bill's wife is returning from europe, and he needs to get rid of his attractive blonde secretary, none other than maizie. however, after speaking to maizie, gilbert declines to hire her. then he promotes carol to associate editor and makes maizie her replacement, much to carol's dismay. soon gilbert is out night after night with maizie, neglecting his work, which carol has to take on. finally, carol quits in disgust while gilbert is away in atlantic city with maizie. gilbert finally realizes he is in love with carol. when maizie refuses to leave her job, gilbert suggests mr. crosby hire her. after seeing her, crosby agrees. however, when gilbert tries to see carol, he finds she and helen have moved away. he has an idea, however; he writes to her through his magazine, infuriating her. it works. when she comes back, he proposes to her.
corpus document1105
mr. deeds goes to town
during the great depression, longfellow deeds (gary cooper), the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the (fictional) hamlet of mandrake falls, vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, martin semple. semple's scheming attorney, john cedar (douglass dumbrille), locates deeds and takes him to new york city. cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman cornelius cobb (lionel stander), the task of keeping reporters away from deeds. cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter louise "babe" bennett (jean arthur), who appeals to deeds' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named mary dawson. she pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job" and worms her way into his confidence. bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking longfellow's hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the nickname "cinderella man". cedar tries to get deeds' power of attorney in order to keep his own financial misdeeds secret. deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off cedar and other greedy opportunists. he wins cobb's wholehearted respect and eventually babe's love. she quits her job in shame, but before she can tell deeds the truth about herself, cobb finds it out and tells deeds. deeds is left heartbroken, and, in disgust, he decides to return to mandrake falls. after he has packed and is about to leave, a dispossessed farmer (john wray) stomps into his mansion and threatens him with a gun. he expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who will not lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. after the intruder comes to his senses, deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune. he decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for three years. alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, cedar joins forces with deeds' only other relative semple (and the man's grasping, domineering wife) in seeking to have deeds declared mentally incompetent. along with babe's betrayal, this finally breaks deeds' spirit, and he sinks into a deep depression. a sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the deeds fortune. during the hearing. cedar calls an expert who diagnoses manic depression based on babe's articles and deeds' current behavior; he gets deeds' mandrake falls tenants, eccentric elderly sisters jane and amy faulkner (margaret seddon and margaret mcwade), to testify that deeds is "pixilated". deeds is too depressed to defend himself and the situation looks bleak when babe finally speaks up passionately on his behalf, castigating herself for what she did to him. when he realizes that she truly loves him, he begins speaking, systematically punching holes in cedar's case—when he asks the faulkners who else is pixilated, they reply, "why everyone, but us"—before actually punching cedar in the face. in the end the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom."[4]
corpus document1106
my man godfrey
during the great depression, godfrey "smith" parke (william powell) is living alongside other men down on their luck at a new york city dump on the east river near the 59th street bridge. one night, spoiled socialite cornelia bullock (gail patrick) offers him five dollars to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt. annoyed, he advances on her, causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes. she leaves in a fury, much to the glee of her younger sister, irene (carole lombard). after talking with her, godfrey finds her to be kind, if a bit scatter-brained. he offers to go with irene to help her beat cornelia. in the ballroom of the waldorf-ritz hotel, irene's long-suffering businessman father, alexander bullock (eugene pallette), waits resignedly as his ditsy wife, angelica (alice brady), and her mooching "protégé" carlo (mischa auer) play the game. godfrey arrives and is authenticated as a "forgotten man". he then addresses the crowd, expressing his contempt for their antics. irene is apologetic and offers him a job as the family butler, which he gratefully accepts. the next morning, godfrey is shown what to do by the bullocks' sardonic, wise-cracking maid, molly (jean dixon), the only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the family. she warns him that he is merely the latest in a long line of butlers. only slightly daunted, he proves to be surprisingly competent, although cornelia holds a grudge against him. on the other hand, irene considers godfrey to be her protégé. a complication arises when tommy gray (alan mowbray), a lifelong friend of godfrey's, recognizes him at a tea party thrown by irene. godfrey quickly ad-libs that he was tommy's valet at harvard. tommy plays along, embellishing godfrey's story with a nonexistent wife and five children. dismayed, irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised charlie van rumple (grady sutton), but she soon breaks down in tears and flees after being congratulated by godfrey. over lunch the next day, tommy is curious to know what one of the elite "parkes of boston" is doing as a servant. godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him considering suicide, but the undaunted attitude of the men living at the dump rekindled his spirits. during lunch, cornelia has her longstanding boyfriend "faithful george" (robert light) call tommy away to the telephone. she takes a seat at godfrey's table and attempts to negotiate a peace with him — but only on her terms. godfrey declines and cornelia leaves in a huff. when everything she does to make godfrey's life miserable fails, cornelia plants her pearl necklace under his mattress. she then calls the police to report her missing jewelry. to cornelia's surprise, the pearls do not turn up when godfrey's suite is searched. mr. bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out. after they have gone, he informs cornelia she had better find her pearls herself, as they are not insured. the bullocks then send their daughters off to europe to get irene away from her now-broken engagement. when they return, cornelia implies that she intends to seduce godfrey. worried, irene stages a fainting spell and falls into godfrey's arms. he carries her to her bed, but while searching for smelling salts, he realizes she is faking when he sees her (in a mirror) sit up briefly. in revenge, he puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast. far from quenching her attraction, this merely confirms her hopes: "oh godfrey, now i know you love me ... you do or you wouldn't have lost your temper." godfrey resigns as the bullocks' butler. however, mr. bullock has more pressing concerns. he first throws carlo out, then announces to his family and godfrey that his business is in dire straits and that he might even face criminal charges. godfrey interrupts with good news: he had sold short, using money raised by pawning cornelia's necklace, and bought the stock that bullock had sold. he gives the endorsed stock certificates to the stunned mr. bullock, saving the family. he also returns the necklace to a humbled cornelia, who apologizes. godfrey then leaves. with his stock profits and reluctant business partner tommy gray's backing, godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the now-closed east river dump called "the dump", "...giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter, and giving them employment in the summer." godfrey tells tommy he quit the bullocks because "he felt that foolish feeling coming along again." however, a determined irene tracks him down in his manager's apartment at the dump and bulldozes him into marriage, saying, "stand still, godfrey, it'll all be over in a minute."
corpus document1107
next time we love
aspiring actress cicely tyler (margaret sullavan) marries ambitious newsman christopher tyler (james stewart) but their life together is interrupted when he is assigned to a good position in his newspaper's rome bureau, and she stays behind, confiding to her rich secret admirer, tommy abbott (ray milland), that she is pregnant. separations, reunions and reconciliations follow as cicely and christopher struggle to balance their romance and their careers.[1][2][3]
corpus document1108
one in a million
american showman thadeus spencer (adolphe menjou) is stuck without money in the swiss alps with his wife (arline judge), a girls' band, a comedy trio (the ritz brothers) and a recent harmonica-playing discovery (borrah minevitch) when the group learns that the grand palace hotel in ardetz, where they were to perform, has burned down. upon seeing greta muller (sonja henie), an innkeeper's daughter, ice-skate, spencer has a vision of her performing with a skating ballet that will make him millions. spencer arranges for her to skate in a tryout performance at a st. moritz casino for which he will get paid 950 francs. american reporter bob harris (don ameche) from the paris herald arrives at the inn to investigate the hotel fire which, rumor has it, was an attempt to kill a european premier. bob has his photographer, danny simpson (ned sparks), trail ratoffsky (montagu love), a suspicious-looking bearded guest, and tries to romance greta, who is sullen after a band member has bob massage her neck. when bob learns that greta's father heinrich (jean hersholt), a 1908 olympic figure skating champion who lost his medal because he accepted money as a gift for teaching, has trained greta for twelve years for the upcoming olympics, he follows the troupe to st. moritz and stops greta after her first number, warning that she is risking her olympic eligibility. unaware that her exhibition involved money, greta is grateful to bob as they ride back on a sleigh. at the olympics, greta wins first place in figure skating, but when she refuses to turn professional and skate for spencer in new york, he threatens to expose her st. moritz performance to the ruling committee. heinrich returns greta's medals himself when he learns of the st. moritz exhibition, but bob takes spencer to explain the situation to the secretary of the committee, sir frederick brooks (montagu love), who earlier was vacationing in the alps incognito as ratoffsky. as greta received no payment and spencer used all the money he received for expenses, brooks declares greta's eligibility proven, and the whole troupe, with greta now as the star, performs in madison square garden.
corpus document1109
one rainy afternoon
on a rainy afternoon in paris, debonair actor philippe martin (francis lederer) goes to a darkened movie theatre for a romantic assignation with his married mistress, yvonne (liev de maigret), but sits in the wrong seat and kisses instead lovely monique pelerin (ida lupino), the daughter of a powerful publisher (joseph cawthorn). monique, who is engaged to powerful count alfredo donstelli (erik rhodes), makes a public accusation against philippe, and the priggish head of the purity league (eily malyon) exploits the incident until it becomes a national scandal, with philippe dubbed "the kissing monster". when philippe is tried, his defense is that he was overcome by monique's beauty, and that it is a frenchman's nature to be romantic, even to perfect strangers. his punishment is to spend just three days in jail, but when he is released, he discovers that monique has paid his fine, supposedly to avoid more publicity, but actually because she is secretly attracted to him. meanwhile, the tabloids have made philippe into a national hero, and instead of his producer, maillot (roland young), firing the actor, he gets a raise. his new show will have him re-enact the kissing incident, but on the day of the opening monique's father has him arrested, only be released when yvonne, who turns out to be the wife of the minister of justice, convinces him to allow philippe to do his performance, where philippe learns that monique has taken the place of the actress with whom he was to re-enact the kiss.[3][4][5]
corpus document1110
palm springs
the earl of blythstone's gambling losses have left him with debts. unaware of this is daughter joan, who is in finishing school but has gambling issues of her own, getting expelled after being caught doing exactly that. identifying himself as captain smith, the earl travels to palm springs, california. in time his daughter pursues him there, and is surprised when a wealthy man named george brittel at a casino identifies the man as a cheat, unaware that "captain smith" is the girl's father. joan decides to land a rich husband. believing her to be lady sylvia, daughter of the earl, brittel is immediately interested. so is a cowboy called slim, who even gives joan a horse. aunt letty invites a british counsel of her acquaintance, bruce morgan, to come visit palm springs and help sort things out. the earl explains his situation and why he is using a different name. joan accepts a proposal of marriage from brittel, who balks when he learns she is not a woman of wealth. slim takes her back with open arms.
corpus document1111
pennies from heaven
in prison, larry poole (bing crosby), a self-described troubadour, is approached by an inmate named hart (john gallaudet) who is on his way to the electric chair. hart asks larry to deliver a letter to a family called smith near middletown, new jersey. after finding the family, which consists of a grandfather (donald meek) and a young girl named patsy (edith fellows), poole tells them that the letter holds a key, reveals that the condemned man had unintentionally killed patsy's father and that he is giving the smith family his old house and former hideout, the only thing he has to give as atonement. susan sprague (madge evans) represents the county welfare department and it is her job to see that patsy is raised "properly", or the girl will go to an orphanage. a variety of misadventures befall larry as he tries to help "gramps" out with patsy to save her from the orphanage, all while susan and he are falling in love, paternally. to get cash for a restaurant license, larry gets a stunt job at the circus, but is injured. while he is in hospital gramps comes to let him know that the county has taken patsy away. larry believes susan went behind his back and had patsy placed in the orphanage. it is discovered that susan had no part in it, but she loses her job defending larry and his care of the child. larry has the circus perform for the children so that he can 'break patsy out', when patsy lets larry know how susan feels about him. their attempt to free patsy fails. afterwards, larry finds out that susan has gone to new york and he goes there to find her. while in new york, susan is approached by two policemen looking for larry, not to arrest him as she suspects, but to bring him back to the head of the county welfare department to help deal with patsy, who has gone on a hunger strike. the policemen are watching susan's apartment in the hopes that larry will show up. when he does, they make him leave with them, after he and susan reveal their feelings for each other. when they return to the orphanage, the head of the welfare department begs larry to help them with patsy. larry agrees to adopt patsy and raise her with the help of susan, who agrees to marry him and be a mother to patsy.
corpus document1112
the petrified forest
in the midst of the great depression, alan squier (howard), a failed british writer, now a disillusioned, penniless drifter, wanders into a roadside diner in the remote town of black mesa, arizona, at the edge of the petrified forest. the diner is run by jason maple (porter hall), his daughter gabrielle (davis), and gramp, jason's father (charley grapewin), who regales anyone who will listen with stories of his adventures in the old west with such characters as billy the kid. gabrielle's mother, a french war bride who fell in love with jason when he was a young, handsome american serviceman, left her "dull defeated man" after the war and moved back to france when gabrielle was a baby. she now sends poetry to gabrielle, who dreams of moving to bourges, where her parents first met, to become an artist. alan tells his story—how he wrote one novel, then lived in france for eight years with his publisher's wife, trying to write another—and gabrielle is instantly smitten with him. gabrielle shows alan her paintings—the first time she has shown them to anyone—and reads him a favorite françois villon poem. boze hertzlinger (dick foran), a beefy diner employee who has wooed gabrielle in vain, grows jealous of alan, who decides to leave forthwith. he mooches a ride from wealthy tourists mr. and mrs. chisholm (paul harvey and genevieve tobin); but after only a few minutes on the road they encounter duke mantee (bogart), a notorious gangster fleeing a massive police pursuit, whose car has broken down. duke and his gang seize the chisholms' car and drive to the diner, where duke has arranged to rendezvous with his girlfriend, doris, on their way to mexico. alan, the chisholms, and their chauffeur (john alexander) soon make their way back to the diner as well. alan, indifferent to the hostage situation, engages duke in lively conversation and toasts him as "the last great apostle of rugged individualism." boze snatches a rifle and gets the drop on duke, but during a momentary distraction duke draws his pistol and shoots boze in the hand, regaining control. duke learns that doris has been captured, and has revealed their rendezvous location to the police. as police and federal agents converge on the diner, duke prepares to flee, announcing that he will take mr. and mrs. chisholm with him. inspired by boze's act of courage, alan has an inspiration: while gabrielle is in the back room bandaging boze's hand, he produces a life insurance policy from his bag and amends it, making gabrielle the beneficiary. then he asks duke to kill him ("it couldn't make any difference to you, duke ... they can hang you only once ..."), so that gabrielle can use the insurance money to realize her dream of moving to france. duke obliges, then leaves with his human shields. alan dies in gabrielle's arms, secure in the knowledge that she, unlike the rest, will escape her dead-end existence to pursue her dreams.
corpus document1113
picadilly jim
in london, american caricaturist jim crocker (robert montgomery) is a popular man-about-town, known by his pen name 'piccadilly jim'. he supports his father james (frank morgan), an out-of-work actor with a great admiration for shakespeare, but also with an inability to remember lines from the bard's work. most characters in the film describe james as a ham. jim lives with his impeccable valet, bayliss (eric blore). jim is happy when he finds out that his father is to be engaged to eugenia willis (billie burke), until eugenia's overbearing married sister, nesta pett (cora witherspoon), refuses to give permission for the marriage because she has doubts about james' sincerity and financial background. one morning, james tries to introduce the petts to his son, whom he describes as an artist; but jim, who has stayed out all night drinking, comes staggering in to find that nesta pett has discovered that the "artist" is a caricaturist, which does not impress her. meanwhile, jim meets nesta pett's niece, ann chester (madge evans), in a nightclub and falls in love with her. ann is engaged to lord frederick 'freddie' priory (ralph forbes) and, therefore, keeps her distance from jim, despite his several attempts to get to know her better and to woo her. to worsen matters, jim finds out he is fired because he missed numerous deadlines, and the petts take eugenia and ann with them to the french riviera for a month, leaving james sad and jim, who is clueless about ann's family connection, wondering where she has disappeared to. jim then develops a comic strip based on the petts, mainly nesta, her husband herbert (grant mitchell), and her son ogden (tommy bupp); and it is a huge hit in england. the strip is titled "from rags to riches" and features the richswitch family. the strip is an instant success, making jim financially secure: he uses his new wealth to hire a team of detectives to find ann. when the petts return to england, they are recognized as the people from the drawings and are soon the joke of the town, which infuriates them and ann. jim, upon learning ann is the niece of the petts, hides his identity and poses as the son of his valet bayliss. he finagles a way to spend a few hours with ann before her family flees england for the united states, and he works out a way to cross to new york city on the same ship as ann and lord priory. before leaving england, he tries to cancel the comic strip but learns he doesn't own the rights to it. he also learns that the strip has been picked up by newspapers in the states. even though jim makes the richwitch family characters more benevolent, ann is furious when she finds out that 'bayliss' son' is actually piccadilly jim. the petts are, on the other hand, enjoying their popularity and welcome jim. meanwhile, james poses as the danish count olav osric to impress the family as eugenia's lover. meanwhile, bayliss suspects that ann's fiancée freddie is not a descendent of the wealthy priory family as he insists, so jim tries to discredit freddie. at a party, he announces that he will "unmask the imposter." james – as count osric – feels this is addressed to him, so he reveals his true identity and is immediately rejected by the petts. when he finds out that freddie is not the liar bayliss claimed he was, jim decides to give up his hope of winning ann's heart and to return to london. on the ship, when bayliss encourages him not to give up, jim realizes bayliss is right and runs for shore, leaping onto the lowering gangplank, where he bumps into ann, who by then also realized that she is in love with him. in the end, they kiss.
corpus document1114
pigskin parade
due to a misunderstanding, yale inadvertently invites the small texas state university to come to connecticut and play against its football team for a benefit game. coincidentally, tsu has just hired a new coach, slug winters (jack haley), who arrives at the college with his wife bessie (patsy kelly) just in time to hear the announcement that the team is to play yale. the coach digs in to whip the team into shape, with bessie's help, she knowing more about football than slug does. but just before the big game, bessie causes an accident and the team's quarterback biff bentley breaks his leg. all seems hopeless until slug and bessie stumble across an arkansas hillbilly named amos dodd, played by stuart erwin, who throws a football like no one they've ever seen. they find him tossing melons with his sister, sairy (judy garland). the only problem remaining is to figure a way to get the college to enroll the hillbilly so that he can take the place of the injured quarterback. amos also falls for attractive student sally saxon (arline judge), bringing out jealousy in her rich suitor mortimer higgens. texas state travels to the game at yale, which is played in a blizzard. yale is leading 7-6 in the final minutes when slug accidentally knocks himself unconscious on the sideline. bessie takes over and sends in a play, which hillbilly amos runs barefoot for the winning touchdown.[2]
corpus document1115
the plainsman
with the end of the american civil war, military industrialists are left with an oversupply of weapons. some of the more unscrupulous ones view the indians as possible new customers. wild bill hickok (gary cooper) has just been discharged from the union army and is making his way back west. on a paddle steamer, he bumps into his old army scout colleague, buffalo bill cody (james ellison) and his new bride. later, calamity jane (jean arthur) is the driver of their stagecoach to hays city, kansas. john lattimer (charles bickford), an agent for the gun makers, has supplied the cheyenne indians with repeating rifles, which enable them to kill half of the troopers at a united states cavalry outpost. hickok discovers the rifles and reports it to general george armstrong custer (john miljan). custer sends out an ammunition train to the fort with cody as guide. hickok tries to locate yellow hand (paul harvey), the cheyenne chieftain, to find out why the indians have gone to war. when calamity is captured by the indians, hickok tries to bargain for her release, but instead gets captured himself. yellow hand states that the indians are fighting because the white man has starting settling land promised to the indian and is killing off the buffalo. yellow hand promises to release his captives if they tell him the location of the ammunition train. after much prodding from calamity, hickok professes his love for her just before he is about to be tortured. calamity then discloses the route of the ammunition train in order to save hickok from being burned alive. yellow hand holds true to his word by releasing his two prisoners. the indians ambush the ammunition train. hickok sends jane to get reinforcements while he fights alongside the besieged soldiers. after a desperate six-day siege on a river bank, the survivors are saved when custer arrives with the cavalry. back in town, hickok catches up with lattimer and tells him to get ready for a gun duel. instead of going himself, lattimer sends three cavalry deserters in his place. hickok kills all three deserters in the gunfight, but this makes him a fugitive from the law. hickok flees to the dakota territory. calamity leaves for deadwood separately when the townspeople find out that she was partly responsible for the attack on the ammunition train. custer sends cody after hickok. after meeting in the woods, the two friends capture an indian and learn that custer has been killed at the battle of the little bighorn and that the cheyenne are moving to join the sioux indians in the black hills. they also learn that lattimer is sending more rifles to the indians, to be picked up in deadwood. instead of arresting his friend, cody rides off to warn the cavalry, while hickok goes to deadwood to deal with lattimer. hickok kills lattimer and detains lattimer's henchmen for arrest by the cavalry. hickok is shot in the back by lattimer's informant jack mccall (porter hall) while he is playing cards with the henchmen. the film ends with a heart-broken calamity jane cradling hickok's body.[1]
corpus document1116
poor little rich girl
barbara barry (shirley temple) is the young daughter of wealthy richard barry (michael whalen), a recently widowed soap manufacturer. worried that his daughter is spending too much time alone and not with other children her age, her father decides to send barbara to boarding school. at the train station, barbara and her accompanying nanny are separated when the nanny collins (sara haden), looking for her stolen handbag, is hit and killed by a car. barbara, left alone, wanders off and masquerades as an orphan. while wandering the streets, she encounters a friendly italian street performer, tony (henry armetta), the organ grinder. barbara follows him home after his performance. she witnesses his many children run out to meet him at the door. barbara lingers, lonely and sad. the kind and friendly family invite barbara in. she has dinner with them, where she experiences eating spaghetti for the first time. after dinner, the mother puts her to bed with her own children. she attracts the notice of two vaudeville performers, jimmy dolan (jack haley) and his wife, jerry (alice faye), who put her in their radio act, posing as their daughter. with the help of advertising executive margaret allen (gloria stuart), the trio become an overnight success. barry hears his daughter on the radio and the two are reunited. subplots involve a romance between barry and allen, and a crook (john wray) trying to kidnap barbara.
corpus document1117
poppy
eustace mcgargle (fields), a con artist, snake oil salesman and exponent of the shell game, tries to escape the sheriff while taking care of his beloved adopted daughter, poppy (hudson), who after pretending to be an heiress to win an inheritance, turns out to really be an heiress.[3]
corpus document1118
the president's mystery
the film deals with a "problem mr. roosevelt submitted . . . whether it was possible for a man, weary of faithless friends and a wasted life, to convert a $5,000,000 estate into cash, disappear and start anew in some worth-while activity." (cited from the new york times – monday, april 16, 2012)
corpus document1119
the prisoner of shark island
a few short hours after the assassination of president abraham lincoln (frank mcglynn sr.), dr. samuel mudd (warner baxter) gives treatment to a man with a broken leg who shows up at his door. mudd does not know that the president has been assassinated and the man who he is treating is john wilkes booth (francis mcdonald). mudd is arrested for being an accessory in the assassination and is sent to prison on the dry tortugas, described as in the west indies and referred to in the film as "america's own devil's island". after a period of ill treatment due to his notoriety, and an unsuccessful escape attempt, his skills as a doctor are requested by the commandant of the prison. the island has been in the grip of a yellow fever epidemic and the official prison doctor has fallen ill. dr. mudd takes charge with the blessing of the commandant and the cooperation of the soldier guards, and the yellow fever epidemic subsides. in the end he receives a pardon and is allowed to return home.
corpus document1120
private number
ellen neal is hired as servant in the house of the wealthy winfield family by the butler, thomas wroxton, who covets her romantically. wroxton rules the household staff like a tyrant, demanding a large cut of their weekly wages as his "commission". to his great irritation, neal resists his advances. instead, during the family's vacation in new england she becomes romantically involved with the winfields' son, richard, who is a college student. they secretly marry and she falls pregnant by him before he returns to college. when the winfields are told by a vengeful wroxton that she is pregnant they are initially sympathetic until discovering that the child is their own grandson. a prolonged divorce suit then follows until the couple are finally reconciled.
corpus document1121
rainbow on the river
an orphan raised by a former slave in the south is forced to live with unfamiliar relatives in the north.[2]
corpus document1122
ramona
ramona (loretta young), is a half-indian girl who falls in love with alessandro, an indian (don ameche).
corpus document1123
reefer madness
mae coleman and jack perry are an unmarried couple living together and selling marijuana. mae prefers to sell marijuana to customers her own age, whereas the unscrupulous jack sells it to teenagers. ralph wiley, a psychotic ex-college student turned fellow dealer, and blanche help jack sell cannabis to students. young students bill harper and jimmy lane are invited to mae and jack's apartment by blanche and ralph. jimmy takes bill to the party. there, jack runs out of reefer. jimmy, who has a car, drives him to pick up some more. arriving at jack's boss' "headquarters," he gets out and jimmy asks him for a cigarette. jack gives him a joint. later, when jack comes back down and gets into the car, jimmy drives off dangerously, along the way running over a pedestrian with his car. a few days later, jack tells jimmy that the pedestrian died of his injuries. jack agrees to keep jimmy's name out of the case, providing he agrees to "forget he was ever in mae's apartment". jimmy does indeed escape the consequences of his crime—a rare occurrence in the film. bill begins an affair with blanche. mary, jimmy's sister and bill's girlfriend, goes to mae's apartment looking for jimmy and accepts a joint from ralph, thinking it to be a normal cigarette. when she refuses ralph's advances, he tries to rape her. bill comes out of the bedroom after having sex with blanche and hallucinates that mary strips for ralph. he attacks ralph. as the two are fighting, jack tries to break it up by hitting bill with the butt of his gun. the gun goes off and mary is fatally shot. jack puts the gun in the hand of an unconscious bill and wakes him up. bill sees the gun in his hand and is led to believe that he has killed mary. the group of dealers lies low for a while in blanche's apartment while bill's trial takes place. ralph loses his mind and wants to tell the police who is actually responsible for mary's death. the film attributes ralph's insanity to marijuana use. seeking advice from his boss, jack is told to shoot ralph so he keeps his mouth shut. meanwhile, at the apartment, blanche offers to play some piano music for ralph to keep his mind off things. they are both very high and ralph tells her to play faster. jack shows up and ralph immediately senses that jack wants to kill him so he beats jack to death. the police arrest ralph, mae and blanche. mae talks and the gang is rounded up. blanche explains that bill was innocent and he is released. blanche is then held as a material witness for the case against ralph but, rather than testify against him, she jumps out a window and falls to her death. ralph is put in an asylum for the criminally insane "for the rest of his natural life". the film's story is told in bracketing sequences at a lecture given at a parent teacher association meeting by the high school principal, dr. alfred carroll. at the end of the film, he tells the parents he has been told that events similar to those he has described are likely to happen again and then points to random parents in the audience and warns that "the next tragedy may be that of your daughter ... or your son ... or yours or yours ..." before pointing straight at the camera and saying emphatically "... or yours!" as the words "tell your children" appear on the screen.
corpus document1124
reunion
newspapers around the world proclaim the birth of the 3,000th baby in moosetown, canada, who was delivered by dr. john luke, known for delivering the famous wyatt quintuplets. to honor the doctor on his retirement and to publicize their town, the moosetown chamber of commerce decides to hold a reunion of all the babies delivered by the doctor. some of those babies have since become famous. the first baby he delivered, phillip crandall, is now a governor. one other is the motion picture star, janet fair. phillip and his wife are childless. phillip is against adoption because he fears that his opponent in the upcoming election would suggest that the adopted baby was his from the past. he decides to go to the reunion to renew his friendship with dr. luke, whom he hasn't seen since a fishing trip twelve years earlier. when janet, who is down on her luck, learns from her agent that she has the lead in a new york show, she decides to accept the invitation to the reunion for the publicity she hopes it will bring. in atlanta, the quintuplets' father (asa wyatt) is upset when his rival (constable jim ogden) excitedly brags that his wife is due any minute to give birth to six babies because two fortune-tellers have told him so. when jim's wife gives birth to one baby, jim is disappointed at first, but as he plays with his new baby daughter he tells her that he'd rather have her than six or sixty babies. after dr. luke's nephew tony arrives from tennessee to take dr. luke's position, tony receives a call from a woman in toronto. this upsets nurse mary mckenzie, tony's sweetheart. many of the thousands who come to the reunion throng around janet, who is pleased to see her old friend, bachelor charlie renard. phillip is attracted to an orphan named rusty, who dr. luke says was born eleven years ago to a woman who died of a broken heart. the mention of the woman's name greatly affects phillip. dr. richard sheridan and his wife gloria then arrive from toronto, and gloria (the woman who called tony) tells him that she plans to divorce dick. dick is a workaholic whom she no longer loves. when dr. luke (surmising the affair between tony and gloria) berates his son, tony admits that he doesn't love gloria. although dr. luke pleads with him to end the affair, tony refuses, feeling that he owes it to gloria to carry on. when dr. luke tries to convince gloria that tony doesn't love her, but that he loves mary, she becomes indignant. dr. luke then convinces her to freshen up in a bedroom and arranges for mary to meet tony in an adjoining room. when dr. luke makes tony admit that an older woman has made a fool of him, gloria overhears and leaves in an agitated state. although tony confesses that he loves mary, she says she cannot love anyone who could turn his affections off and on at will. at the reunion gathering, dr. luke instructs rusty to repeatedly make a gesture identical to one that phillip makes. won over by the boy, phillip asks dr. luke about adoption formalities. when a telegram arrives from janet's agent stating that the deal for the role in the new york play is off because the producer wants a younger woman, janet, who is shaken, goes inside. the gathered then watch as the quintuplets arrive, each in a pony-drawn carriage, and play in a fenced-in enclosure. dick tells dr. luke that he and gloria, after a long talk, have decided to go abroad for a second honeymoon. gloria shakes dr. luke's hand. dr. luke then learns that janet has shot herself. tony takes charge of the operation with mary as his assistant. after the operation, tony tells charlie that janet will survive if she has anything to live for. charlie calls her by her real name, mamie. then he kisses her face, and she takes his hand. tony and mary reconcile. dr. luke's long time nurse, katherine kennedy, mildly rebukes him for falsely making phillip believe that he is rusty's father.[1]
corpus document1125
revolt of the zombies
on the franco-austrian frontier during world war i, an oriental priest, chaplain of a french colonial regiment, is condemned to life imprisonment because he possesses the power to turn men into zombies. in his prison cell, the priest prepares to burn a parchment containing the location of the secret formula. gen. mazovia (roy d'arcy) kills the priest and takes the partially burned parchment. after the war, an expedition of representatives from the allied countries with colonial interests are sent to cambodia to find and destroy forever the so-called "secret of the zombies". the group includes colonel mazovia; a student of dead languages, armand louque (dean jagger); englishman clifford grayson (robert noland); general duval (george cleveland); and his daughter claire (dorothy stone). armand falls in love with claire, who accepts his proposal of marriage to spite clifford, whom she really loves. later, when claire runs to cliff for comfort following an accident, armand breaks the engagement, leaving her free to marry cliff. further accidents caused by mazovia result in the natives refusing to work, forcing the expedition to return to phnom penh. armand finds a clue which he had overlooked before and returns to angkor against orders. after viewing an ancient ceremony at a temple, armand follows one of the servants of a high priest out of the temple, through a swamp, to a mysterious bronze doorway. when the servant leaves, armand goes through the door to a room paneled in bronze, with an idol holding a gong. he accidentally strikes the gong, and a panel in the wall opens, revealing a small metal tablet. he translates the inscription and realizes that it is the secret for which they have all been looking. he alone now has the power to make zombies out of people, and begins with a practice run on his servant before using his zombie powers in an attempt to coerce the fickle claire in the movie's climax.
corpus document1126
rhythm on the range
doris halliday (frances farmer), the daughter of a wealthy banker, is about to marry a man she doesn't love so the family will become richer. her outspoken aunt penelope ryland (lucile gleason), the owner of the frying pan ranch in arizona, objects to their marriage, claiming people should only be married if they love each other. doris starts to see penelope's point and eventually runs away the night before the wedding. doris hides in the wagon of a train owned by traveling cowboy jeff larabee (bing crosby). when they meet they take an immediate dislike for each other. despite a few romantic moments, they fight all night long. the next day, doris is to be left at a stop. when she is attacked by jeff's prize bull, however, jeff is forced to save her. the train eventually leaves without them. they decide to part their ways, until they discover it's a long way to the next stop. doris secretly steals a car and gives jeff a ride. penelope and her employee buck (bob burns), who happens to be a friend of jeff, try to find doris. they take a train hoping to locate her. on the train, buck meets emma mazda (martha raye). emma is attracted to him and tries to flirt, but buck isn't really interested. they both take off at a stop and decide to travel together. meanwhile, doris' father initiates a search to find his daughter and promises the one who brings her back a $5,000 reward. a couple of criminals, who have seen doris, try to catch her and bring her back. jeff and doris drive to his house, where they meet up with buck and emma, who are now in love and engaged. buck suggests jeff ask to marry doris as well, but he is reluctant to. the moment they do fall in love, they are located by robert and penelope. penelope blames jeff for being a gold digger and tries to protect doris from him. offended and confused, jeff runs away. doris follows him and declares her love. jeff gives in and they kiss.
corpus document1127
riffraff
spencer tracy plays a rough and tough fisherman ("dutch" mueller), who leads in a strike with his fellow fishery workers against the "fat-cat" owners of a tuna cannery. the love interest hattie (jean harlow), is also a tuna cannery worker. her character has a tough exterior with her "bombshell" good looks. jimmie (mickey rooney) is a teenager who is the uncle of the two youngest children. they all live with "pops" (roger imhof), hattie and his aunt lil (una merkel) together in the same small, apartment-like "shack" on the wharf. aunt lil runs the home. the thuggish cannery owner, nick lewis (joseph calliea), is also trying to romance hattie with his money and gifts. he has wealth, dutch does not. hattie falls for dutch in the end, but this antagonism creates many struggles throughout the film. pete (william newell) is a family friend, along with many colorful characters. the movie explores some cutting edge sub-themes that were socially current at the time of its release in 1936 release. some scenes involve a woman having a baby while in prison and a hobo camp deep in the woods.
corpus document1128
robin hood of el dorado
in 1848 in california, a mexican farmer, joaquin murietta (warner baxter), has turned criminal to avenge the death of his wife, juanita de la cuesta (ann loring) and brother jose (carlos de valdez) at the hands of the americans.
corpus document1129
the rogues tavern
it is a bleak and windy night when jimmy kelly (wallace ford) and marjorie burns (barbara pepper) check into the red rock tavern with plans to marry as soon as possible. everyone in the tavern is shocked when a wild dog breaks in through an open window, attacks and kills two of the guests. when they discover that the dog is not the real killer all of the guests begin to panic and suddenly find themselves trapped inside the tavern by locked doors and barred windows. everyone frantically tries to determine who among them is the killer before another one of them is murdered.
corpus document1130
rose marie
marie de flor (jeanette macdonald) is a canadian soprano performing in roméo et juliette in montreal; the premier of quebec is in the audience. inviting him and his entourage to supper after the performance, she learns from a 'half-breed' man called boniface (george regas), that her brother jack, supposedly in prison for armed robbery, was wounded as he escaped from prison and has killed a mountie in the process. making her excuses, she leaves for the canadian wilderness with boniface, hoping to help jack. at the same time, sergeant bruce, of the mounties (nelson eddy) reports to headquarters and receives his latest mission: he must find jack flower, believed to be hiding near lake chibougam. marie and boniface reach an outpost near lake chibougam, where boniface disappears with marie's money. marie falls in with sergeant bruce, but marie cannot tell him the truth for fear of compromising jack. marie tries singing at a local cafe to earn some money, but is unused to such boisterous singing and fails to attract any tips. bruce insists that marie reports boniface's theft, but she cannot admit her real identity, calling herself 'rose'. but bruce has recognised her via her voice. they travel together to an indian ceremony that night. bruce, despite his strong sense of duty, proves to be a womaniser, and they sing together. marie finds boniface and they leave together. but bruce has discovered that 'rose marie de flor' is really jack flower's sister and sets off after her, knowing that she will lead him to jack. boniface and marie travel on horseback to hayman's landing where jack is hiding. sergeant bruce, following her, rescues her from drowning as they cross a deep river and boniface runs off into the forest. marie haughtily refuses the sergeant's help, but realises that she will not reach jack without that help. she and the sergeant travel together for the next three days, before she leaves him with a new guide. marie finds jack being nursed by boniface's mother, and tries to persuade him to reform. she gives him the money necessary to escape and start over. but bruce appears and arrests jack. marie begs him to let her brother go, but the sergeant is unmoved by her plea. no more is heard of jack, but marie, although unwell, returns to opera performance. she has the title role in the opera tosca. she keeps imagining that she hears "indian love call" throughout the opera and collapses onstage just before the final curtain. she retires to a mountain lodge and refuses to sing for six months. her manager, myerson, visits and tells her how disappointed he is not to hear her voice again. after he leaves, she begins singing "indian love call". myerson urges sergeant bruce, who has been waiting in the foyer, to join her, and they sing together.
corpus document1131
san francisco
the film opens with two men in boxing gloves and trunks sparring vigorously. one knocks the other squarely down, concluding their session. changing out of their exercise gear, the latter dons a natty suit, the former a priest's collar. the first man is "blackie" norton (clark gable), a saloonkeeper and gambler. he owns the paradise club on pacific street in the notorious barbary coast. the other is blackie's childhood friend, father tim mullen (spencer tracy), a roman catholic priest. blackie hires mary blake (jeanette macdonald), a promising, but impoverished, classically trained singer from benson, colorado. she becomes a star attraction at the paradise, especially for singing "san francisco" (a song composed for the movie, which became one of the city's official anthems).[5] the club piano player, "the professor" (al shean), can tell mary has a professionally trained voice. mat (ted healy), blackie's good friend at the paradise, wisely predicts that mary is not going to stay on the "coast". father tim makes several attempts to reform blackie, while the other nightclub owners urge him to run for the san francisco board of supervisors in order to protect their crooked interests. encouraged by father tim, who believes blackie can use the supervisor position to implement reform, blackie decides to run for office. despite father tim's best efforts, blackie remains a jaunty barbary coast atheist, although blackie secretly paid for the new organ in father tim's church. blackie's feelings for mary intensify, but complications arise when she is offered an opportunity to sing in the opera. although she initially refuses to break her contract with blackie, she later leaves the paradise club due to the overtly sexual manifestation of blackie's feelings for her. mary is hired by the tivoli opera house on market street. there she becomes involved with nob hill scion jack burley (jack holt). blackie wants to stop mary singing at the tivoli: he arrives the night of her premiere with a process server in tow to shut down the show. however, when he hears her sing he decides not to stop the opera. after her performance, blackie visits mary in her dressing room. realizing she still loves him, mary forwardly asks him to marry her. blackie agrees, but their reunion is soon interrupted by burley, who had proclaimed his love for mary and proposed to her prior to the show. blackie, seeing burley as competition for mary's affections, is happy to tell him of their intent to marry. however, as blackie gloatingly tells burley of their plans, it becomes clear that blackie intends to take mary away from the tivoli and put her back on stage at the paradise. burley appeals to mary, but blackie presents mary with an ultimatum by asking if she wants to marry him or stay at the tivoli. mary's choice is to return to the paradise. backstage, before the opening night of her return performance, she asks blackie if they can set the date for their wedding. blackie agrees, but wants to postpone getting married until after the election. father tim drops in, and is angered by mary's skimpy stage costume. he defies blackie to put her on the stage in front of the rowdy paradise audience. mary observes blackie's reaction to father tim's statements, and decides to leave with the priest after blackie strikes him in the face. mary goes back to burley and eventually meets his mother (jessie ralph) at her nob hill mansion. in a private conversation, she confesses her unworthiness, but mrs. burley informs mary that she started out in 1850 as massie, a simple washerwoman in portsmouth square. mrs. burley also empathizes that she also once had a "blackie" in her younger days, but chose to marry the more steadfast elder burley. this cements mary's decision to accept burley's proposal of marriage. it is now the evening of april 17, 1906. burley has called in some favors and had the san francisco police department raid the paradise, destroying its gambling equipment and running off the patrons. blackie, distraught about the future of his club, ends up at the city's annual chickens ball.[6] mary and burley are in attendance. after performances by acts from the other barbary coast clubs, the mc requests the paradise's entry. when no one steps on stage, mary, just having learned of the club's closing, enters the chickens ball competition for the paradise. she rouses the audience to join in a chorus of "san francisco", and wins. however, blackie angrily refuses the prize money, tossing the prize cup and gold coins to the stage floor. he angrily states that mary had no right to sing on behalf of his club. embarrassed, mary is about to leave the ball with burley. then, at 5:13 a.m. april 18, 1906, the earthquake hits the city. the city is devastated and hundreds are killed. as blackie wanders the city searching for mary, he comes upon mat, who was injured at the destroyed hall of justice on washington street. a nurse indicates to blackie that mat is dying. before he dies, mat tells blackie he was wrong about his feelings toward mary. blackie then walks to nob hill, where he sees mrs. burley, who senses her son has died. (blackie did indeed witness the dead burley when wandering the devastated streets.) she leaves the area as us army troops from the presidio blow up her mansion in preparation making a firebreak. blackie later meets father tim, who takes him to golden gate park, where there is a tent camp for the homeless. there, blackie hears mary's voice lifted in song "nearer, my god, to thee" with those in mourning. after seeing mary, blackie falls to his knees and thanks god for sparing mary's life. from a distance, mary sees blackie praying, and as she walks toward him, word spreads through the camp that "the fire's out!" as people shout about building a new san francisco, blackie and mary join the crowd (a surprisingly multi-racial group, given the era of the film) as they leave the park marching arm-in-arm, singing "the battle hymn of the republic". the film ends with a dissolve from the smoldering ruins into the "modern" san francisco of the mid-1930s. (each year when the film is shown near april 18 by bay area television stations, the scenes of the 1930s city are replaced with stock news footage of the city in the current year.)
corpus document1132
satan met a lady
private detective ted shane returns to work with his former partner ames, who is not particularly happy about the situation because his wife astrid dated ted before they were wed. valerie purvis hires the detectives to locate a man called farrow, and when both ames and farrow are found dead, shane is suspected of both murders. shane finds his office and apartment have been ransacked and his secretary miss murgatroyd has been locked in a closet by anthony travers, who is in search of an 8th-century ram's horn rumored to be filled with jewels. madame barabbas is also searching for the treasure and sends a gunman to bring shane to her. working all sides of the street, shane makes deals with each of them to find the horn, and eventually winds up in possession of a package allegedly containing it, but it turns out to be full of sand instead of jewels. the police round up all the suspects, but shane and valerie escape. he baits her into confessing to ames's murder and tries to apprehend her for the $10,000 reward, but valerie thwarts him by allowing a washroom attendant to turn her in to the police instead. miss murgatroyd then shows up and claims shane for her own.
corpus document1133
sea spoilers
a coast guardsman must rescue his kidnapped girlfriend.
corpus document1134
show boat
the musical's story spans about 40 years, from the late 1880s to the late 1920s. magnolia hawks is an 18-year-old on her family's show boat, the cotton blossom, which travels the mississippi river putting on shows. she meets gaylord ravenal, a charming gambler, falls in love with him, and eventually marries him. together with their baby daughter, the couple leaves the boat and moves to chicago, where they live off gaylord's gambling winnings. after about 10 years, he experiences an especially bad losing streak and leaves magnolia, out of a sense of guilt that he is ruining her life because of his losses. magnolia is forced to bring up her young daughter alone. in a parallel plot, julie laverne (the show boat's leading actress, who is part african-american, but passing as white) is forced to leave the boat because of her background, taking steve baker (her white husband, to whom, under the state's law, she is illegally married) with her. julie is eventually also abandoned by her husband, and she becomes an alcoholic. magnolia becomes a success on the stage in chicago. twenty-three years later, magnolia and ravenal are reunited at the theater in which kim, their daughter, is appearing in her first broadway starring role.
corpus document1135
sinner take all
when millionaire new york city businessman aaron lampier (charley grapewin) receives a death threat in the mail, he sends for his offspring. ernie hyams (bruce cabot), a newspaper reporter turned lawyer, is dispatched by mackelvey (stanley ridges), his former editor, to track down lampier's daughter lorraine (margaret lindsay). she does not appreciate being dragged away from the nightclub/casino of frank penny (joseph calleia). she and her perpetually drunk brother stephen (george lynn) have also received similar mail. when their brother david is killed in a car crash that night, ernie soon discovers it was not an accident; a wire cable strung across the road was used to cause it. ernie is pressured into investigating. lampier's will leaves everything equally to his children. if they predecease him, the estate goes to various charities. stephen is the next victim. an associate of penny's is driving stephen's car when he is stopped by the police. they find stephen's body inside with six shots to the head; the driver claims he did not know it was there when he stole the automobile. captain bill royce (edward pawley) of the homicide squad arrests penny, but has to release him for lack of evidence. it turns out that stephen is still alive and in hiding. by the time ernie and mackelvey track him down, though, he has been stabbed to death. next is aaron lampier. a man climbs down to his suite and, after a struggle, flings him over the terrace to his death. to protect lorraine (to whom he has become attracted), ernie sets a trap. he spreads the word that she is flying away at midnight, then gathers all the prime suspects at penny's nightclub to see her off. her drink is poisoned, but a doctor is standing by and she is saved. ernie sadly identifies the killer; mackelvey was the only one who had the opportunity to slip poison into the liquor. the editor confesses that he needed more money to keep his wife alicia (vivienne osborne) happy. he figured that with the lampiers all dead, he would be put in charge of one of their businesses. afterward, ernie and lorraine get married.
corpus document1136
small town girl
kay brannan (janet gaynor) is so bored with her life that she can barely tolerate her family and prospective suitor elmer (james stewart). a traffic diversion brings hundreds of yale-harvard football players through town. one of them, robert dakin (robert taylor), a socially prominent surgeon from boston, asks her for directions to a popular roadhouse and takes her there to join in the fun. later bob becomes so drunk that he insists that they have a justice of the peace marry them. kay is not quite so drunk, but she agrees, eager for any escape from the tedium. the next morning, bob's parents (lewis stone, nella walker) like kay, but are shocked that bob, who was to marry socialite priscilla hyde (binnie barnes) in two weeks, would be so foolhardy. to avoid a scandal, bob suggests to kay that they pretend to be happily married for six months and then quietly get a divorce. although hurt, she agrees, and after a staged "honeymoon" aboard the dakin family yacht, they return to boston. gradually, they begin to fall in love, but they still keep each other at arm's length. when priscilla returns from a european holiday, she and bob begin seeing each other secretly. one night, kay gets a telephone call from bob's clinic urgently summoning him to perform emergency brain surgery on jimmy, a young patient. when priscilla refuses to let her speak to bob over the phone, kay goes to priscilla's apartment to fetch him. bob starts the operation, but is not sure that he is sober enough to save jimmy, so he has his colleague dr. underwood complete the delicate surgery. at home, bob feels like a failure. kay hesitatingly starts to tell him about her feelings, but priscilla calls and she leaves. she tells bob's parents that she is returning home, and a short time later, the local newspaper mentions that bob is rumored to be leaving for reno for a divorce. kay takes a walk and meets elmer, who proposes, but just then bob drives up. after telling kay that he has lost his way to reno and never wants to find it, they drive off together.
corpus document1137
smartest girl in town
model "cookie" cooke (ann sothern) is urged by her unsatisfactorily married practical older sister gwen (helen broderick) to find a wealthy husband. on a modeling assignment she runs into millionaire dick smith (gene raymond), but assumes him to be a low-earning male model. dick falls in love with her, but she insists on dating eccentrically mannered italian aristocrat baron enrico (erik rhodes). dick installs another mannered character, his valet philbean (eric blore) in the position of a casting agency president who would then pair cookie on the same pre-arranged modeling jobs with dick. ultimately, baron enrico, who is so obsessed with birds that he cannot concentrate on romance long enough to propose, is goaded by gwen into presenting cookie with an engagement ring. forced to act fast, dick pretends to have attempted suicide by a gunshot to the head and asks cookie to marry him on his deathbed, but she tastes the "ketchup blood" on his face and then embraces him.[4][5]
corpus document1138
special investigator
bill fenwick (richard dix) is a criminal defense attorney who's near the top of his career, wealthy from defending gangsters and getting them off, but when he learns from inspector perkett (russell hicks) that his brother george (owen davis, jr.), an agent for the justice department, was killed by notorious racketeer edward j. selton (j. carroll naish) during a raid to recover a half million dollars in stolen gold bullion, he quits his practice to find his brother's murderer. on a tip from bennie grey (erik rhodes), a former client, bill goes undercover and opens a law office in quartzburg, nevada under the name of "richard galt", to investigate the sudden gold strike at the formerly closed mine at the gold bar ranch, which may be the stolen bullion "re-mined". in quartzburg, virginia selton (margaret callahan), selton's sister, arrives to take care of her brother, who was wounded in the shootout that killed george, but the rest of the gang is suspicious of her. meanwhile, bill is visited by a justice department agent who tells him that they need to find out definitely if selton is at the ranch before they can raid it. bill contrives to meet virginia when she stops for gas and, unaware that she is the selton's sister, but knowing that she's connected in some way to the mine, follows her to reno, where she picks up dr. vic reynolds (jed prouty) at the airport. while they are there, bill drains the gas from her car to force her to stop on the drive back. when it does, he offers them a ride. at the ranch, while the doctor tends to selton, bill plays high-stakes poker with jim plummer (joe sawyer), who runs the ranch, and the other members of selton's gang. bill returns to the ranch in the next few days, both to see virginia again and to gather information, but plummer is suspicious of the supposed small-town lawyer, and has an argument with selton about what to do about him, in which selton orders him not to do anything to him. nevertheless, one of the gang, dutch (ray mayer), takes a shot at bill while he and virginia are riding horses, but it's virginia who is wounded instead when her horse is shot from under her. the feverish selton orders plummer to deck dutch, to show them all that he's the boss. learning that the government is planning a raid at midnight, bill takes virginia dancing in reno, but two of the gang follow them there to watch them. when bill's former girlfriend, judy taylor (sheila terry) and his former client bennie grey run into bill and virginia, bill denies that he is "bill fenwick"; later the two hoods force the couple to reveal his identity. when bill and virginia get back to quartzburg, bill locks virginia up in her car in a garage for her safety, but without explaining exactly why. virginia smashes through the door with the car and heads back to the ranch. bill learns from judy that the gang knows his real identity, and joins up with the justice department agents heading out to raid the ranch. when plummer hears the news about bill, he makes his move to take over the gang. they tie up selton, divide the gold and plan to flee the ranch, taking virginia hostage, but selton gets loose and confronts virginia and plummer, calling them all "rats" who have double-crossed him. as the feds arrive, selton dares plummer to shoot it out with him, and begins firing. when the gang tries to escape, they are gunned down by the authorities. bill goes into the ranch house, looking for virginia, and selton holds a gun on him. he offers to give himself up to bill, if bill will represent him and get him off without the death penalty, but bill turns down the offer, reminding selton that he killed his brother. bill them has the satisfaction of seeing selton die from his wounds. bill and virginia leave together.
corpus document1139
the story of louis pasteur
in paris in 1860, a distraught man murders his wife's doctor. chemist louis pasteur (paul muni) has been publicizing a theory that diseases are caused by microbes, which doctors should avoid spreading by washing their hands and sterilizing their instruments in boiling water. the doctor did not do this and the wife died of puerperal fever after giving birth. pasteur is dismissed by france's medical academy—particularly his most vocal critic, dr. charbonnet (fritz leiber sr.)—as a crank whose recommendations are tantamount to witchcraft. pasteur frankly calls attention to the risks of charbonnet's non-sterile methods and correctly predicts that a member of napoleon iii's royal family who charbonnet is attending will die of puerperal fever, but pasteur is the one who is considered dangerous, because his ideas have led to murder. when the emperor comes down against him, pasteur leaves paris and moves to the small town of arbois. in the 1870s, when the new french government tries to restore the economy after the franco-prussian war, they learn that many sheep are dying of anthrax, except around arbois. they send representatives who learn that, working with a small group of loyal researchers, pasteur has developed a vaccine against the disease and put it into use locally. the medical academy still opposes him and says arbois must simply be free of anthrax, so the government buys land there and invites sheep farmers to use it. pasteur objects strongly, saying the soil is full of anthrax spores, and eventually an experiment is proposed. he will vaccinate 25 of the newly arrived sheep; then they and a control group of 25 others will be injected with blood from a sheep with anthrax. joseph lister (halliwell hobbes), the pioneer of antiseptic surgery in england, is interested enough to attend, and witnesses pasteur's total success as all the vaccinated sheep remain healthy after the other 25 have died. at this point jean martel (donald woods), a young doctor who was formerly charbonnet's assistant but now is a follower of pasteur, becomes engaged to pasteur's daughter annette (anita louise). the celebrations are short-lived, as a rabid dog runs through the town and a man is bitten. as a woman attempts to cure him by witchcraft, pasteur laments that doctors would have no more chance of success. moving back to paris, he makes rabies his next project. he is able to spread the disease from one animal to another by injection, but finds himself unable to detect any microbe being transferred (viruses had not yet been discovered), and the method he used to create the anthrax vaccine does not work. charbonnet visits the lab to gloat over pasteur's failure. he is so certain pasteur is a quack that he injects himself with rabies—and is triumphant, as he does not get the disease. pasteur is puzzled, until his wife marie (josephine hutchinson) suggests that the sample may have gotten weak with age. this sets him on the right path at last, giving dogs a series of progressively stronger injections. but before his experiments reach a conclusion, a frantic mother begs him to try his untested treatment on her son (dickie moore), who has been bitten by a rabid dog. risking imprisonment or even execution, pasteur decides he must try to save the child. during the attempt, a dr. zaranoff (akim tamiroff) arrives from russia with a group of peasants who have been exposed to rabies, and who have volunteered to receive pasteur's treatment. annette goes into labor with martel's child. the doctor who was to attend her is unavailable, and martel is urgently needed for the boy. pasteur searches frantically for another doctor, but the only one he can find is none other than charbonnet. he begs charbonnet to wash his hands and sterilize his instruments just this once; charbonnet finally agrees on condition that if charbonnet lives another month, pasteur will retract and denounce all his work on rabies. both men are honorable enough to respect the agreement. the birth goes well, but pasteur collapses with a mild stroke. days later, word comes that pasteur has permission to treat those of the russians who are still alive. he attends them in hospital for the first injections using a wheelchair, and later using a cane. the experiment is a success, and now even charbonnet concedes that he was wrong, tearing up pasteur's retraction and asking for the shots for himself. afterwards, pasteur hears that he is to be denounced by lister at the medical academy. he angrily attends, but it was just a way to surprise him. he is praised by lister, presented with a russian medal by zaranoff, and honored by the very doctors who once scoffed at his discoveries.
corpus document1140
stowaway
barbara "ching-ching" stewart is an orphan living in sanchow, china. when bandits threaten, she is sent to shanghai for safety. accidentally separated from her guide, ching-ching finds herself in shanghai all alone with her dog until she meets a westerner, tommy randall, a rich playboy traveling about the world by ocean liner. ching-ching then accidentally becomes a stowaway on his ship. when discovered, she is provided for by tommy and susan parker, a passenger on the ship engaged to the son of her traveling companion, mrs ruth hope. susan and tommy become romantically involved. ching-ching plays cupid in furthering their romance. the couple realize they adore ching-ching and want to do the best for her after learning she will be put off the ship and sent to an orphan's asylum. susan breaks her engagement with richard hope, ruth's son, after discovering his selfish nature and marries tommy. the two adopt ching-ching.
corpus document1141
suzy
in 1914, american showgirl suzanne trent (jean harlow) is in london, hoping to meet and marry a man with money. she tells her friend maisie (inez courtney) she can charm any man she chooses into marrying her, and then learn to love him. she sets her sights on terry moore (franchot tone), an irishman she sees in a borrowed rolls-royce. she soon learns he is not wealthy, but he has a respectable job and good prospects, being an engineer, inventor, and pilot. they quickly fall in love and marry. but then they stumble on a german plot, and her husband is shot by a mysterious woman (benita hume), who leaves immediately. the landlady arrives moments later and hysterically calls for police, accusing suzy of murder. suzy also flees the scene, and therefore does not learn that terry is expected to survive. maisie has moved to paris, and suzy now follows her, taking a job at the same cabaret just before world war i begins. thinking she is a widow, suzy is heartbroken, until she meets the famed french flying ace andre charville (cary grant) at the cabaret. again they quickly fall in love and get married. andre's aristocratic father, baron edward charville (lewis stone), welcomes suzy into the family home, but is concerned about the whirlwind romance and marriage because andre has had many short-lived relationships with women. after andre is recalled to the front, suzy bonds with the old man, even inventing letters from andre that she pretends to read to him. the baron's concern was justified: when andre returns briefly to paris, he is more interested in socializing with his fellow pilots—and their girlfriends—than taking the opportunity to see the wife he has not even told them about. the baron covers for him, but makes sure andre and suzy do meet for a few minutes as he returns to the front. andre is wounded in action, and suzy goes to comfort him. there she is shocked to meet terry, who is delivering to andre's squadron new british fighters he helped design. she explains to terry what happened, but tells him she now loves andre. terry is incensed at her for not telling andre she was already married to him, and for having run away. he assumes she never loved him. suzy goes to andre to tell him the truth—and has another shock, finding him in a compromising position with the woman who shot terry. unable to think clearly, she returns home to paris, where she finds a magazine photo of andre with the woman. her name is diane eyrelle and she has been "caring for" andre during his recovery. obviously she is actually spying on him. suzy returns to the air base and tells terry what she has learned. he is dubious but agrees to take action. suzy points out that as andre is a public figure, for the sake of morale they should try to avoid damaging his reputation. so they first confront andre, but diane hears them, and as the four argue, her henchman comes in and shoots andre. andre was about to return to active service and is scheduled to take off immediately on a dangerous mission. terry says he can fetch a doctor or take over the flight, but has no time to do both. andre says to fly the mission. terry takes his revenge, killing diane and her henchman by strafing their car, then shooting down the german fighters meant to ambush andre. he botches the landing and crashes near the chateau where andre now lies dead. suzy and terry move his body so it will seem he died in the crash. at the funeral that follows, even a german flyer pays homage. the movie ends with terry being ordered to see the ace's widow back home to paris.
corpus document1142
swing time
john "lucky" garnett (fred astaire) is a gambler and dancer. he is set to marry margaret (betty furness), but his friends hold him up so that he is late for the wedding. margaret's father phones to call off the wedding, but lucky doesn't get that message. his friends bet him that he will not be getting married, and he agrees to the bet. margaret's father tells lucky that he must earn $25,000 to demonstrate his good intentions. he and his friend "pop" cardetti (victor moore) try to buy train tickets, but his friends take his money – because he lost the bet. so they hitch the first freight train to new york. broke, they wander around the city. lucky meets penny (ginger rogers), a dance school instructor, when he asks for change for a quarter. it's his lucky quarter and pop feels bad that lucky lost it. they attempt to get it back, but penny is in no mood to deal with them. when she drops her things, pop sneaks the quarter out of her purse, and she thinks lucky did it. they follow penny to her work. to be able to apologize, he has to take a dancing lesson from her. she's still furious at him. after a disastrous lesson, penny tells him to "save his money" since he will never learn to dance. her boss, mr. gordon (eric blore), overhears her comment and fires her. lucky dances with penny to "prove" how much she's taught him. not only does mr. gordon give penny her job back, he sets up an audition with the owner of a local venue. they check into the same hotel where penny is staying. lucky does not have a tuxedo to wear to the audition. he tries to get a tuxedo off a drunk man, but he ends up losing his own clothes instead. they miss the audition, and penny gets mad at lucky all over again. lucky arranges another audition. he and pop picket in front of penny's door until she gives in and forgives him. but they cannot audition because the club has lost their band leader, ricardo romero (georges metaxa), to a casino. they go to club raymond where lucky gambles to win enough to get ricky back. meanwhile, ricky declares his feelings for penny. lucky is about to win enough to marry margaret, but he takes his last bet off in time... proving he is no longer interested in her, but in penny, instead. the club owner bets him double or nothing and they gamble for ricky's contract. upon seeing that the club owner intends to cheat, pop cheats as well, and lucky wins the contract. lucky and penny dance at the club. they are dancing together all the time, but lucky does not trust himself around penny because he feels guilty about not telling her about margaret. he's avoiding her, which penny notices, so she and her friend mabel anderson (helen broderick) conspire to get lucky and pop out to the country. pop lets slip the information about lucky and margaret. despite her best efforts, the two begin a romance, even as ricky continues to woo penny. when margaret shows up, lucky tries to avoid her; but, too late, penny finds out. she agrees to marry ricky. margaret calls off her engagement to lucky before he can. lucky successfully stops penny's wedding. and the two end up together, much to everyone's delight.
corpus document1143
tarzan escapes
jane's ((maureen o'sullivan) two cousins, eric and rita, arrive in africa to tell jane about a fortune left to her back in their world and to try to convince her to return with them. they are led to tarzan's escarpment home by captain fry (john buckler), a hunter with an agenda of his own. jane convinces tarzan to let her go back with eric (william henry) and rita (benita hume), promising that their separation will only be temporary. but captain fry (john buckler) (unknown to the others) attempts to capture tarzan to take him back to civilization so he can be put on public display, and actually succeeds in caging tarzan. fry's treachery includes making a deal with an unfriendly native tribe to give him food, canoes and protection for the journey back in exchange for his handing over jane, eric and rita for "ju-ju" and taking away the greatest "ju-ju" – tarzan. fry's plan goes wrong when the natives capture tarzan in his cage and all four white people are taken prisoner. tarzan manages to escape with the help of elephants and cheeta, and guides what's left of fry's party through a cave passage filled with treacherous quicksands. just before they exit the caves to safety, tarzan forces fry to go back the way they came as punishment for his betrayal. fry starts to go back, then seizes a heavy branch to attack tarzan, but before he can exit the cave he falls into a quicksand bog (filled with "poisonous" lizards) and is swallowed up. rita and eric tell jane that it is not necessary for her to return with them and that she belongs with tarzan. the film ends with tarzan and jane reunited at their tree house.
corpus document1144
the texas rangers
sam, jim and "wahoo" are outlaws with a sweet racket. wahoo is a stagecoach driver who feeds information of routes and cargoes of stagecoaches to his outlaw confederates sam and jim, who rob the stage and shoot at wahoo to prove he has nothing to do with the robberies. the three split up one night when lawmen surround their camp and they make their escape but sam is nowhere to be found. wahoo and jim continue their racket until one day a texas ranger rides shotgun on the couch next to wahoo. jim is supposed to rob the stage when the stagecoach stops to water their mules but wahoo has a feeling about the ranger and won't let jim rob the stage, instead bundling a mystified jim on board as a paying passenger. wahoo and jim realise their lives have been saved when the ranger quickly kills two other robbers. needing money and impressed by the ranger's reputation, jim and wahoo join the rangers with the pair planning to use the position to enrich themselves. when sent to locate cattle rustlers jim and wahoo discover they are led by sam who agrees that teaming up to work both ends against the middle will make all of them rich. however wahoo and jim begin to have second thoughts when they take on a group of hostile indians who have murdered the family of young david whom they look after. jim gets a strong reputation among the rangers when he saves their company from annihilation by a large apache war party. jim becomes so trusted he is sent to singlehandedly[4] brings a murdering town boss by arresting and prosecuting him. jim originally plans to install sam is the new town boss but changes his mind and has sam promise to leave the area. sam begins a reign of terror but jim seems too noticeably reluctant to bring him to justice.
corpus document1145
theodora goes wild
theodora lynn (irene dunne) is a sunday school teacher and former church organist in lynnfield, connecticut, raised by two spinster aunts, mary (elisabeth risdon) and elsie lynn (margaret mcwade). she also happens to be, under the pen name caroline adams, the secret author of a bestselling book that has the straight-laced lynnfield literary circle in an uproar. the book is serialized in the local newspaper, and the literary circle, led by outraged busybody rebecca perry (spring byington), forces the newspaper's owner jed waterbury (thomas mitchell) to stop printing the salacious installments. theodora travels to new york city on the pretext of visiting her black sheep uncle john (robert greig), but actually goes to see her publisher arthur stevenson (thurston hall). though stevenson reassures an anxious theodora that only he and his secretary know her identity, his wife ethel (nana bryant) pressures him into an introduction, which the book's illustrator michael grant (melvyn douglas) overhears. intrigued, michael invites himself to dinner with the stevensons and theodora. theodora becomes annoyed when michael smugly assumes that she is a teetotaler, so she orders a whiskey. as the night goes on, she becomes drunk. so does ethel, forcing arthur to take his wife home and leaving theodora alone with michael. when he makes a pass at her, she panics and flees, much to his amusement. michael tracks her to her hometown, and his whistling is immediately noticed outside her house. because she technically is not supposed to know anyone outside of lynnfield, he coerces her into hiring him as a gardener, thus scandalizing her aunts and providing rebecca perry with ample information for gossip. michael declares that he is going to break theodora out of her confining routine, ignoring her protests that she likes her life just the way it is. despite herself, she enjoys herself when michael makes her go berrypicking and fishing with him. finally, she finds the nerve to tell the disapproving women of the literary circle that she loves him. when she tells michael what she has done, he is less than thrilled. the next day, theodora finds that he has gone back to new york and left her. she tracks him to his park avenue apartment. he admits he loves her, but then his father (henry kolker), the lieutenant governor, shows up, followed by michael's wife agnes (leona maricle). the estranged couple only have remained married to avoid causing a political scandal for michael's father. theodora determines to free michael just as he had done for her. he wants her to hold off until his father's term ends in two years, but she is unwilling to wait that long. she courts publicity by revealing herself as the true caroline adams. she is staying in michael's apartment even though he has moved out to get away from her, and she tells the press of her intention to publish a new book that details finding romance in her small town and searching for someone who will call her "baby" – a story that mimics her relationship with michael. meanwhile, michael denies to the press that he has even met theodora. she finally crashes the governor's ball and arranges for reporters to photograph her embracing michael. agnes seeks a divorce to avoid looking like a fool. theodora returns to lynnfield and is warmly welcomed as a celebrity, even by her now-supportive aunts. she causes further talk when she brings a newborn baby with her. when michael, now divorced, sees the child, he tries to flee, but then theodora reveals that the baby belongs to rebecca perry's own secretly married daughter.
corpus document1146
these three
following graduation, college friends karen wright and martha dobie transform karen's massachusetts farm into a boarding school with the assistance of wealthy benefactor amelia tilford, who enrolls her malevolent granddaughter mary. karen and local doctor joe cardin begin to date, unaware martha is in love with him. complications arise when martha's aunt lily mortar comes for a visit. one evening, joe falls asleep in a chair in martha's room while waiting for karen to return to the school, leading lily to jump to the wrong conclusion. when she and martha quarrel, lily decides to leave, but not before confronting her niece with her suspicions about the young woman's true feelings for joe. martha discovers rosalie wells listening at the door and accidentally closes it on her arm, slightly injuring her. when mary finds a missing bracelet that belongs to another student among rosalie's things, she forces her into revealing what she overheard outside martha's room. mary, who harbors a pathological hatred for her teachers, then tells her grandmother a grossly distorted version of the argument between martha and lily, suggesting martha and joe engaged in an illicit sexual affair, and she coerces rosalie into verifying the story by threatening to reveal her theft of the bracelet. mrs. tilford is shocked by the revelation and has all the parents withdraw their daughters from the school, leaving martha and karen mystified. when one of the girls' chauffeurs tells the women the reason behind the mass exodus, they confront mrs. tilford. terrified her theft will be revealed, rosalie insists the story is true. martha and karen sue mrs. tilford for libel but lose their case when lily fails to testify on their behalf. she later claims she assumed her corroboration was unnecessary. although the women have been humiliated and joe has been dismissed from the hospital due to the scandal, the three hope to repair the damage to their lives. but karen and joe go their separate ways when she confesses she believes the story mary told. martha admits to karen she loves joe but assures her she never told him. martha decides to leave with lily, who later mentions the missing bracelet. realizing what happened, martha confronts rosalie and convinces her to reveal the truth. aware of the wrong she has committed, mrs. tilford offers martha compensation, but martha asks only that she tell karen the truth and urge her to reunite with joe.
corpus document1147
thirteen hours by air
airline pilot jack gordon (fred macmurray) on a flight from new york to san francisco, is immediately attracted to beautiful passenger felice rollins (joan bennett). known as a "lady's man", he bets stewardess vi johnson (ruth donnelly) that he will take felice out to dinner that evening. a jewel robbery is in the news and a beautiful blonde is implicated, with jack suspecting that felice may be the culprit. on a stop over in chicago, jack learns instead that his passenger is a wealthy socialite at odds with another passenger, count stephani (fred keating). jack worries that he may have a crisis involving the count when he finds stephani has a gun aboard. other passengers include dr. evarts (brian donlevy) and curtis palmer (alan baxter, both of whom seem to be harboring a secret. felice is trying to get to san francisco in order to prevent her sister from marrying the count's brother, but the flight runs into bad weather. jack and freddie scott (john howard), his co-pilot are persuaded to fly on but are eventually forced to make an emergency landing. dr. evarts tells jack he is a federal agent pursuing palmer, a notorious criminal, who now takes the opportunity to shoot freddie and dr. everts, commandeering the aircraft. jack manages to overcome palmer, and with the help of felice, is able to take off and fly to san francisco. when the flight lands, he is able to have his dinner with felice, collecting his bet, knowing that he will need the money for a marriage licence.
corpus document1148
three godfathers
in a town called new jerusalem, bandits bob sangster (chester morris), doc underwood (lewis stone) and gus barton (walter brennan) hold up a bank. after a gun battle with the townspeople, the three robbers retreat into the scorching desert. there, they happen upon an ill woman stranded with her child. as the mother dies, she begs the men to take care of her infant. the fugitives want to save the baby -- but to do so, they'll have to travel back to new jerusalem, where they are wanted men.
corpus document1149
three men on a horse
meek erwin trowbridge (frank mchugh) finally has enough of his sneering brother-in-law, clarence dobbins (paul harvey), unappreciative boss, greeting card publisher j.g. carver (guy kibbee), and the lack of support of his wife audrey (carol hughes). erwin goes on a drinking binge and ends up in a hotel bar. when he overhears charlie (allen jenkins), and frankie (teddy hart) bemoaning their bad luck betting on horses, he gives them his pick for the next race. they ignore the drunk, but when erwin proves right, their friend patsy (sam levene) decides to place the little money they have left on erwin's next choice. it wins, as do all his other selections that day, making the jubilant trio rich. they decide to hang onto their newfound goldmine. patsy tries to do erwin a good turn by calling his boss and demanding a raise for him as his "manager", but the plan backfires; carver fires erwin. erwin is upset, but patsy gives him 10% of the winnings and convinces him that he can make more money betting than writing greeting card poems. the next day, erwin makes his picks, but discards his first choice for the sixth race. this arouses charlie's suspicions. his fear about being double crossed infects the other two. patsy forces erwin to bet all his winnings on his second selection for that race. however, erwin had told patsy's girlfriend mabel (joan blondell) that he never bet on the horses because he was worried that doing so would take away his ability. the whole gang go to the racetrack to watch the race. erwin's discarded choice wins, barely edging his second pick. when they get back to the hotel, patsy starts beating erwin. then they hear on the radio that the winner has been disqualified. this inspires erwin to punch patsy back. when clarence shows up, erwin punches him too. following close behind, carver (desperate to fulfill a contract for mother's day cards) offers erwin a raise and a new office, which audrey persuades him to take. erwin bids the gamblers goodbye, telling them that having finally bet for real, he has lost his knack.
corpus document1150
three of a kind
barbara penfield (evalyn knapp) tries to persuade her father, laundry magnate f. thorndyke penfield (richard carle), to invest in a business venture proposed by her sweetheart rodney randall (bradley page). her father, knowing randall to be a fortune hunter, refuses and stops her allowance and freezes her bank account. undeterred from financing randall, but lacking the cash, barbara decides to trade in her expensive car for a very cheap one. while she is out on a test drive with a salesman, her car is fraudulently sold by con man "con" cornelius (berton churchill) who is loitering around the car yard. the buyer, jerry bassett (chick chandler), is a penfield company laundry worker who has just quit after winning best employee award and $1,000. he sets out for the royal valley holiday resort and on the road picks up barbara who, after the cheap car broke down, is hitchhiking to a rendezvous there with randall. she does not recognize her own car which bassett is driving, and introduces herself using the false name beatrice payne. arriving at the royal valley, bassett and "beatrice" book into separate rooms. later cornelius and his daughter prudence arrive. bassett learns that beatrice is really barbara penfield, the daughter of his ex-employer, and it is confirmed when penfield himself arrives to put a stop to any further negotiation between her and randall. several cases of mistaken identity result between penfield, randall, cornelius, and bassett, with almost everyone believing the other is rich and manoeuvering to make a deal with him. meanwhile, police investigator cogarty is on the trail of the fraudulently sold car and he recognizes ex-convict cornelius and swindler randall. bassett is wrongly arrested for stealing the car, with police compounding the mistaken identity situation. prudence and randall marry, and when all the identities are sorted out, barbara and bassett announce their intention to do the same and to manage the penfield business when penfield retires.
corpus document1151
till we meet again
on the eve of world war i, austrian stage star elsa duranyi (gertrude michael) and her english counterpart (herbert marshall) plan to be married. but she disappears, and he enters the intelligence service, adopting the identity of a dead man. in monte carlo, he encounters his former fiancée only to find out she's also spying for her country.
corpus document1152
times square playboy
hardworking new york city stockbroker vic arnold is elated to announce at a business meeting that beth calhoun has agreed to marry him. he invites his best friend, ben "pig head" bancroft, to come from his home town of big bend, indiana, to be his best man. however, ben becomes convinced that the much younger beth is only marrying vic for his money and that she is secretly still attached to college football star and admirer joe roberts, who is about her age. despite the efforts of his wife lottie, he accuses beth of being a gold digger, and her brother wally and their parents of complicity. insulted, beth makes vic choose between them. vic refuses to give up his best friend, so beth gives him back his engagement ring. later, ben finds out he was mistaken. wally returns a $40,000 bracelet vic gave beth; he also reveals that joe, who has repeatedly proposed to beth, is actually much richer than vic. however, when vic opens the jewelry case, it is empty. the calhouns show up to defend themselves from the insinuation that beth kept the bracelet. ben then admits he hid it in order to bring everybody together. he even resorts to putting wally in a half nelson to get him to stay and listen to his heartfelt apology. in the end, he succeeds in reuniting the couple.
corpus document1153
the trail of the lonesome pine
a feud between kentucky clans the tollivers and falins has been ongoing for as long as anyone can recall. after an engineer, jack hale, arrives with coal and railroad interests, he saves the life of dave tolliver, whose injury has developed gangrene. dave expects to marry a cousin, june, but she takes an immediate shine to the newcomer. her younger brother buddie is also impressed with hale, who begins to educate him and take the boy under his wing. but others from both families do not give this outsider their trust. upset over the budding romance, dave sets out after hale with a rifle but is ambushed by the falins. the latest round of violence causes june not to want to return home, so hale sends her to louisville to live with his sister. a bridge is destroyed by the falins, causing the accidental death of buddie. a funeral is held and june returns, newly sophisticated from being in the big city. family patriarch buck falin extends his apologies about her brother. dave, however, is shot in the back by wade falin. the families agree that the feud has gone too far. hale is befriended by all, and will happily marry june.
corpus document1154
two in a crowd
larry stevens is about to be evicted by landlady lillie for not paying his rent. he happens to be passing by, as does julia wayne, when two halves of a ripped $1,000 bill float down to the street. up above, gangster bonelli has been handing out thousands to his girls. one who's angry with him has torn it and tossed it out the window. skeeter, a jockey, joins up with julia and larry as they discuss what to do with the money. julia has a $500 debt she needs to repay. larry wants to use it to enter his horse hector's pal in a big race. the money was stolen from a bank where larry takes the torn $1,000 bill. a suspicious detective, flynn, begins to follow larry, who also attracts the attention of unemployed actor anthony and bank cashier bennett, who want a piece of the action. larry is in love with julia and wants to help fulfill her dream of performing in a show. a theatrical producer pretends to hire her on talent, but secretly has schemed with larry to finance the show if his horse wins the race. julia races to the race track to see how it all turns out.
corpus document1155
under your spell
chicago socialite cynthia drexel arranges for new york city opera star anthony allen to sing at a private party for a $15,000 fee but, tired of his arduous performance schedule and the silly promotional stunts devised by his agent petroff, he flees to his hometown in new mexico, then his secluded cabin in the sierra madres. determined to make him fulfill his commitment, cynthia pursues him in her private plane, but he refuses to return with her, despite the efforts of her uncle bob and his valet botts to convince him otherwise. when cynthia leaves without her suitcase, a now intrigued anthony returns to chicago with her belongings. when he arrives at her home, an angry cynthia criticizes his singing and tells him she has no romantic interest in him as she is engaged count raul du rienne. cynthia sues him for breach of contract, but in court anthony argues he refused to sing for her because she does not appreciate his talent, and the case is dismissed. outside the courtroom, uncle bob tells him her betrothal to raul is a mistake and all she needs is a good spanking to make her come to her senses. anthony conceals himself in a doorway, and when cynthia walks by, he pulls her inside and proceeds to spank her. petroff calls a press conference at which he announces their union, and the happy couple signs their marriage license.
corpus document1156
valiant is the word for carrie
carrie snyder (gladys george) is a prostitute, who is forced out of the fictional southern town of crebillon, after forming a friendship with a young boy named paul (jackie moran), whose dying mother (janet young) is unable to protest against her son visiting such a woman. after carrie has left town paul runs away from his abusive father (john wray), and meets a girl named lady (charlene wyatt) who has run away from a burning trainwreck, not wanting to go back to the people she was with. carrie comes back for paul and ends up taking paul and lady to new york with her. carrie gets an apartment and starts a successful chain of laundry stores. eventually they become very rich and lady (arline judge) grows very attracted to paul (john howard). however paul feels obligated to take care of a young woman named lili (isabel jewell) whose brother's death he caused (the brother had been pushing paul to try to get on the train, but when paul pushed back, the train door closed with the brother on the outside with his coat stuck in the train door, causing him to get dragged along with the train and his legs to be run over). lilli pretends to love paul because he is rich, which carrie is able to see, but which paul does not. she devises a plan to make lilli leave, if she will bribe some people to help get lilli's true love out of jail, she will leave paul. they go to break the man out of jail, but they are caught. lilli is shot dead and carrie gets sent to jail. an old lawyer friend (harry carey) vows to fight for her freedom, but carrie decides to plead guilty, because she doesn't want lady to know about her past (her life as a prostitute would be dragged out in court if her case went to trial) and also because she fears that this damage to her reputation would also be bad for the reputation of the children. the lawyer ends by remarking to paul's employer (dudley digges) that, "valiant is the word for carrie".
corpus document1157
the walking dead
john ellman (boris karloff) has been framed for murder by a gang of racketeers. he is unfairly tried and despite the fact that his innocence has been proven, he is sent to the electric chair and executed. dr. evan beaumont (edmund gwenn) retrieves his dead body and revives it, as part of his experiments to reanimate a dead body and discover what happens to the soul after death. dr. beaumont's use of a mechanical heart to revive the patient foreshadows modern medicine's mechanical heart to keep patients alive during surgery. although john ellman has no direct knowledge of anyone wishing to frame him for the murder before he is executed, he gains an innate sense of knowing those who are responsible after he is revived. ellman takes no direct action against his framers; however, he seeks them out, wishing to know why they had him killed. each dies a horrible death, and in the end it is their own guilt that causes their deaths. confronting the last two villains, ellman is shot. having fulfilled his divine mission to bring about justice, he dies, just before he would have explained death and the afterlife to the curious dr. beaumont. beaumont is warned not to continue his experiments, citing the biblical scripture, "for the lord thy god is a jealous god (deut. 6:15a)."
corpus document1158
the white angel
in victorian england, florence nightingale (kay francis) decides to become a nurse, puzzling her upper-class family. she travels to germany to the only nursing school. the training is arduous, but she endures and graduates. when she returns home, however, no one is willing to employ her. when the crimean war breaks out, she finally gets her chance. with the help of influential friends and damning newspaper reports on the wretched conditions in the crimea by fuller (ian hunter), a reporter for the times, she is permitted to recruit some nurses and lead them to scutari in turkey to tend the wounded. there, however, she is bitterly opposed by dr. hunt (donald crisp), who is in charge of the hospital. she remains undaunted, and soon wins the love of her patients. each night, she passes through miles of the wards, carrying a lamp, so she can satisfy herself that her patients have all they need. her tireless efforts greatly reduce the mortality rate. her fame is spread by the newspapers, and henry wadsworth longfellow writes a poem in her honor. when the opportunity arises, she goes to the front to attend the wounded more quickly. she leaves sister colomba (eily malyon) in charge at scutari. once more, nightingale faces official opposition to her efforts, instigated by dr. hunt. however, she gains the support of lord raglan (halliwell hobbes), the british commander in chief, and is soon hard at work. when she comes down with cholera, she is attended by tommy (billy mauch), a drummer boy she herself nursed back from the brink of death. while she is only partially recovered, she is surprised when sister colomba shows up. the nun informs her that dr. hunt replaced her with ella stephens, a flighty socialite nightingale had already rejected as a nurse. under stephens' lax and uncaring leadership, conditions had greatly worsened. nightingale returns to scutari and sets things straight. after the war ends, she returns home to england. by this time, even dr. hunt has reconsidered his opinion of her work, but his superior, undersecretary of war bullock (montagu love), remains steadfast in his opposition. bullock tries to turn queen victoria against nightingale, but the monarch instead shows her approval by presenting nightingale with a brooch.
corpus document1159
wife vs. secretary
magazine publisher van stanhope (clark gable) and his wife, linda, (myrna loy) are celebrating their third wedding anniversary. they are very much in love and van gives linda a diamond bracelet. however, van's secretary, the beautiful helen "whitey" wilson (jean harlow), is thought by van's mother (may robson) to be a temptation to van. linda refuses to listen to all of her friends and van's mother as she trusts van. in truth, she has all the reason in the world to trust him, as his relationship with whitey is strictly business. meanwhile, whitey's beau, dave (james stewart), is very uncomfortable about her relationship with van as he calls one night while they're having dinner to ask that whitey help him finish work at a party. when dave asks whitey to marry him, whitey refuses, and buries herself further in her work. when van has to be very secretive to buy j. d. underwood's (george barbier) weekly, for fear that his rival will buy it instead, only whitey is permitted to know, providing still more conflict between van and his wife. when van returns from his business meeting with underwood, and tells linda that he has been at the club all day, linda discovers that he has not been at the club but rather has been out with whitey, who was merely helping him prepare for his discussion with underwood. at a skating party, linda is too sick to skate. as van and whitey skate together, linda hears from one of the wives there that van and whitey are most likely having an affair. when linda and van get into the car, they fight when linda requests that van have whitey moved to another employer. van refuses and linda ignores him for the rest of the evening until she calls him back to make up. van plans a trip for himself and linda, but when he learns that underwood is at a conference in havana, changes his plans and won't permit linda to accompany him while he works. whitey learns of important information regarding the rival paper, which results in van bringing her to havana to close the deal. while celebrating the successful closing of the deal, they develop a drunken attraction to each other but do not consummate this attraction. when linda calls at 2 am, whitey answers the phone, and she assumes they are having an affair. van returns to new york only to have linda ignoring him entirely and asking for a divorce. lonely, he asks whitey to accompany him to bermuda as a friend, which she, having fallen in love with van, agrees to. but, realizing that van will never love her as much as he loves linda, whitey visits her on the ship that linda has planned to take to europe. whitey challenges her to go back to van, telling her that she would be a fool to let him go. after resistance, linda meets him in his office, and they make up. whitey is then met by dave, and they make up as well.
corpus document1160
without orders
at portland, oregon, playboy pilot len kendrick (vinton haworth) lands at the end of a cross-country record flight, met by his father j.p. kendrick (charley grapewin) who owns amalgamated air lines. len is a media darling, adored by fans for his daring flights. he is in love with amalgamated stewardess kay armstrong (sally eilers) who is dating veteran pilot "wad" madison (robert armstrong). len dates her sister penny (frances sage) who learns that his hard-drinking and recklessness has caused the death of his co-pilot. penny knows that he was drinking before the fateful flight and only escaped prosecution by bribing a bartender. she leaves len who ends up at amalgamated as a line pilot, being tutored by wad. len pursues kay, and she falls for his charm but asks her sister for advice about marrying him. realizing that marriage would be a mistake, penny tells len that she will expose him; he angrily reacts by knocking her down, fracturing her skull. on an outbound flight, len attempts to rush kay into accepting a proposal of marriage but she learns that her sister is seriously injured and in the hospital. kay asks wad to fly her back to portland. on the same flight, len locks his rival out of the cockpit, takes over the flight and after landing at the airline's home base, accuses wad of cowardice and dereliction of duty, resulting in a fistfight between the two men. wad is fired, but finds out from penny that len has a terrible secret to hide. on a flight to salt lake city, len's aircraft not only has been battling a blizzard for hours, but also experiences engine trouble. instead of landing, in a repeat of the earlier tragic incident, len knocks out his co-pilot, and again takes to a parachute, leaving key and the passengers behind. this time, his parachute fails to open. wad radios instructions to kay who takes over the controls and successfully makes an emergency landing. kay and wad are hailed as heroes and, after the veteran pilot gets back his old job, takes up where they had left off.
corpus document1161
a woman rebels
in victorian london, pamela defies her autocratic father (donald crisp), and has a baby out of wedlock with her lover, gerald waring (van heflin, in his screen debut). pamela's pregnant sister flora (elizabeth allan) hears of the death of her young husband, faints, hurting herself, and dies. pamela raises her illegitimate daughter as her niece and becomes a crusading journalist for women's rights. eventually she agrees to marry diplomat thomas lane (herbert marshall) after being unfairly named as co-respondent in waring's divorce. hepburn's performance as the defiant young woman is considered the epitome of her feminist characterizations of the 1930s.
corpus document1162
yellow dust
the film opens in the hills of california. bob culpepper is a college-educated man from tennessee, who has chosen the life of a gold prospector. culpepper witnesses veteran prospector silas "solitaire" carter getting attacked by an intruder, and comes to his defense. the fight results in the intruder's death and the two new allies decide to bury him. while digging for the grave, they discover a gold-bearing vein. they use the vein to calculate that there is a mother lode of gold in a nearby mountain. eager to profit from their discovery, carter and culpepper head to the nearest town to make a land claim for this area. [2] before reaching the town, the two partners witness a gang of outlaws who is in the process of robbing a stagecoach. they decide to help the victims and manage to scare off the gang. among the passengers is a lovely saloon singer, nellie brian, and culpepper is instantly smitten with her. brian is also attracted to him, but her mother urges her to focus on her next singing gig. [2] at the town, brian entertains her new boss, jack hanway. he is the prosperous owner of a local saloon. neither brian, nor her mother realize that hanway is secretly the leader of the gang of outlaws. [2] brian eventually confesses her love to culpepper, and also talks to him about a valuable necklace which the outlaws had stolen from her. culpepper locates the necklace, at the hands of an outlaw known only by the nickname "missouri". he forces the outlaw to hand over the necklace to him. [2] trying to impress brian and outstage culpepper, hanway stages a robbery at his own saloon. his gang are supposed to act as robbers, and hanway acts as the hero who bravely thwarts their plan. culpepper figures out the plan and tries to expose hanway as a criminal. instead, "missouri" accuses him of being involved with the stagecoach robbery and being in possession of the loot. with the necklace found in his possession, culpepper is arrested as a thief and imprisoned. brian is convinced that culpepper is a villain. [2] with his rival out of the way, hanway romances brian. he gets careless and she overhears his plans to lay claim to the mother lode. brian tries to alert carter that he is in danger of losing his gold, but he is too drunk to listen to her. brian gets another idea of how to ruin hanway's plans. she tricks him into delaying to make his land claim, then makes the claim herself. brian is now the only one with a legal claim to the gold. carter is shocked to find out about this development and informs culpepper. culpepper figures that his love interest has conspired against him, and wants to retaliate. he convinces "missouri" to help him escape from prison. [2] after escaping, culpepper abducts brian and restrains her with a straitjacket. he rides with his captive to the area with the gold. their time together allows them to clear the misunderstandings between them and declare their own innocence. realizing that neither of them is a villain, they reconcile and express their love for each other. when arriving at the area of the claim, they are captured by hanway and his gang. [2] hanway wants brian for himself and proposes marriage to her. she accepts, hoping that she may use her new position to help culpepper. meanwhile, carter and "missouri" arrange a fake execution for culpepper. they use the opportunity to escape with him back to town. they stop the wedding of hanway and brian in time, and expose hanway as a gang leader. [2]
corpus document1163
yiddle with his fiddle
arye and his daughter itke are musicians, or klezmorim, who became impoverished and were evicted from their home in kazimierz dolny. arie sees no choice but to embark on a career of a travelling band, but fears for the safety of his daughter on the dangerous roads. itke solves the problem by disguising herself as a boy and adopts the persona of "yidl", ostensibly arie's son. during their voyages, they meet another pair of merrymakers, the father-and-son duo isaac and ephraim kalamutker, with whom they form a quartet and roam through the polish countryside seeking engagements. "yidl" falls in love with ephraim, who is utterly oblivious to the true sex of his companion. the four are hired to perform in the wedding of young teibele to the old, rich man zalman gold. the bride had to cancel her prior engagement with her true love, yosl fedlman, for her late father left many unpaid debts. yidl takes pity on teibele and the quartet smuggle her out of the party and have her join them as vocalist. to yidl's dismay, ephraim is enamored with the young woman. itke reveals her true self to isaac, who determines to assist her and leaves to locate yosl. when arriving in warsaw, the group become a success and are hired to perform in a concert. however, personal tensions between the members run high. efraim signs a contract with a local orchestra. teibele's lost match finally arrives, and they run off together before the show. yidl, quite by accident, takes her place and recounts her entire story and love for efraim in song form. she is applauded and signed on a contract for a career in the united states. having learned the truth, efraim abandons his commitments and joins her on the ship to new york.
corpus document1164
the 13th man
swifty taylor, a journalist with the globe times, hunts for the underworld figure responsible for the killing of a crusading district attorney, murdered by curare-laced dart while attending a prizefight, and of a reporter who had got too close to the truth. meanwhile, taylor's secretary, julie, hopes to persuade him to settle down and marry her.
corpus document1165
3 dumb clucks
the stooges are in jail when their mother sends them a letter. the letter states that their father (curly howard, pulling double duty as both himself and his father) has just become rich via an oil well and is planning to leave their mother and marry young gold digging blonde daisy (lucille lund). the stooges break out of jail and set off to try to stop the wedding. but since curly and his father look exactly alike, daisy ends up marrying the wrong man. the stooges manage to escape the clutches of the criminals trying to kill them for their father's oil money, and rescue their father.
corpus document1166
the adventurous blonde
torchy blane (glenda farrell) is handed a telegram, which she reads before realizing that it was actually for theresa gray (natalie moorhead) the woman sitting next to her on the train. torchy's own telegram is from her boyfriend detective steve mcbride (barton maclane) announcing that he will have a minister waiting to marry them when she arrives at the train station. when rival reporters jealous of torchy's success, decides to get even for repeated news scoops by torchy, and fearing that her forthcoming marriage to steve mcbride will forever keep them from getting news tips from the police department. four reporters, mat, dud, mugsy and pete, decides to play a practical joke on her and conspire to fake the murder of an actor; for the dual purpose of blocking steve's marriage to torchy, and at the same time making her the laughing stock of all newspaper. the reporters hire an actor to play dead and phone steve with the news. they hope that torchy will report the death and that a second paper owned by publisher mortimer gray (charles c. wilson) will embarrass her by printing the truth. a fake broadcast comes to steve and torchy while driving to the minister in steve's police car. the pair quickly goes to the scene of the crime and torchy immediately phones her newspaper of the story. a newspaper extra edition, headlining the murder is quickly on the streets. the opposition newspapers print a denial of torchy's story. it is later learned that the hoax victim, harvey hammond, has actually been murdered and torchy once again beat other reporters to the story. several persons are suspects in harvey's death including grace brown (anne nagel) an actress in hammond's company, her boyfriend hugo brand (anderson lawler) and theresa gray, hammond's ex-lover. torchy frames theresa for the murder in order to force a confession from publisher mortimer gray, her husband. mortimer, who knew about the proposed joke, was jealous of his wife's relationship with hammond and seized the opportunity to kill him. he confessed to the crime before taking poison. cleared of any suspicion, hugo and grace are married by torchy's waiting magistrate, and torchy and steve postpone their wedding once again.
corpus document1167
affairs of cappy ricks
cappy ricks (walter brennan) has returned home from a long voyage at sea only to find that his family and business are not as he left them. his daughter frankie (mary brian) is engaged to a dimwit that he isn't fond of. his future mother-in-law owns already 51% of his business and has plans even for his prized ship. cappy ricks knows he has to end the chaos and set things straight. he brings them all on his ship, as there he can be still the captain. and as in other movies of that period he needs an uninhabited island to straighten out the arrogance of the rich ladies and the weakness of sons under mothers dominance.
corpus document1168
amateur crook
joan barclay as betsy cummings takes a job as a secretary, using the alias “mary layton”, only to find that her father (forrest taylor as jerry cummings) is being cheated by his brokers, monte blue as crone and jack mulhall as jan jaffin. she steals the diamond, worth fifty thousand dollars, her father used as collateral for a loan, which the brokers plan to cheat him out of; and, the chase is on, with the crooked loan sharks and police after her. bruce bennett (billed as herman brix, one of the movie serials “tarzans”) as jimmy baxter, an honest but broke artist, hides her as a mannequin, and helps her get away, in a stolen car. they just have to keep ahead of everyone after them, until her father can get back, if he can get back, with the brokers’ crooked henchmen trying to stop him. out of luck and almost out of time, they all end up in front of a justice of the peace, who tries to fathom out the facts, and whether to jail the pair or marry them, before his dinner gets cold.
corpus document1169
angel
the story describes a love triangle initiated by lady maria barker (dietrich), the comfortable but neglected wife of sir frederich barker (marshall), a top-level british diplomat in the pre-world-war-ii era. maria is faced with the possibility of divorce when frederick learns that she has had an affair, but he realizes that he has not spent enough time with her and cancels his business plans to take her on a much-needed vacation. although frederick provides well for maria and appears to love her, he has been neglecting her in favor of pursuing his busy diplomatic career. one day when he is in geneva on important business, she secretly flies to paris to visit the grand duchess, who operates a high-class escort business. by chance, maria happens to meet anthony halton (douglas), a charming man who lived in india for several years. although maria insists that their affair remain anonymous, they are attracted to each other, and they have a brief tryst, during which he calls her "angel". intending to have only a simple fling, she tries to end the relationship by leaving him without saying good-bye. however, he has fallen in love with her, and he begins searching for her. maria manages to avoid being seen by halton at a horse race, but halton happens to meet frederick at a social gathering, and the two of them makes plans for halton to have lunch with frederick and maria. unable to avoid halton any longer, maria pretends not to recognise him when he arrives. in a moment when maria and halton are alone together, she makes it clear to him that she has no interest in continuing their relationship and that she considers his presence a threat to her marriage and her reputation. still in love with her, he offers to meet her in paris the following week, but she refuses. meanwhile, tickets have arrived for the vacation to vienna that frederick promised maria. however, he breaks his promise to her when an opportunity arises for him to go to geneva again for work. frederick's mistreatment of maria is emphasized by his decision to go to geneva despite maria's obvious enthusiasm about the vacation and the fact that the geneva trip was originally assigned to one of frederick's capable assistants. disappointed by this setback, maria changes her mind about meeting halton again, and she asks frederick to drop her off in paris on his way to geneva so she can go shopping. frederick agrees to this plan despite the fact that he has discovered the affair. however, instead of continuing to geneva, he goes to the grand duchess's salon to investigate. in a last-ditch attempt to save her marriage, maria confronts frederick in the salon and makes it clear to him that she needs more attention. she claims that angel is another woman who is in an adjoining room, but asks him to believe her without looking in the room himself. her hope is that he will save her reputation by accepting her word but will spend more time with her in the future. this plan fails as frederick enters the other room, which is empty, but he proposes a better solution. finally understanding that he has taken maria for granted, he humbly offers to cancel his business trip and meet her at the train station to go to vienna, allowing her to decide whether they will stay together. as he leaves the salon, she immediately catches up to him, and they walk out together to begin their vacation.
corpus document1170
another dawn
colonel john wister (ian hunter) is in charge of a post in the british desert colony of dickit. while on leave in england he meets and falls in love with the beautiful american julia ashton (kay francis), whose aviator fiancé died in an aircraft accident. although julia does not love john, she likes him and agrees to his marriage proposal. john takes julia to dickit, where she meets john's best friend, captain denny roark (errol flynn), and denny's sister, grace (frieda inescort), who is secretly in love with john. denny reminds julia of her dead fiancé and the two of them fall in love. john discovers this and although he would give her a divorce, he knows that she is too decent to leave him. an uprising by local arabs means one of the soldiers must fly a suicidal bombing mission. denny volunteers but as he is saying good bye to julia, john flies off instead, sacrificing his life so that his best friend and wife can be together.
corpus document1171
arizona days
tex and his sidekick "grass" hopper are delighted to join a travelling music show. when a group of cowboys come in without paying, tex steps down from the stage, pulls his six gun and holds the audience up until the manager points out the men who did not pay their admission fee. after seeing the way tex gathers revenue from cheats, the county commissioner offers tex a job as a tax collector.
corpus document1172
atlantic flight
when pilot dick bennett (dick merrill) undertakes a flight in stormy conditions to save a dying girl, he brings the aircraft in, despite warnings that it is too dangerous. later, he meets socialite gail strong (paula stone), who is interested in aviation and persuades bennett's aircraft engineer friend bill edwards (weldon heyburn) to try a parachute jump. her fiancé, baron hayygard (ivan lebedeff) pledges that he will win the stanley trophy race, to make her keep her promise to marry him, and resorts to desperate measures, knocking out bennett. when bennett is unable to fly his untested racer, edwards takes it up instead, but crashes. strong realizes she is in love with edwards, but he is critically injured. a doctor in england has life-saving serum that bennett and jack carter (jack lambie) are determined to bring back to save their friend, by making a record-breaking round-trip to london. coming back through a raging storm over the atlantic, their aircraft is struck by lightning, disabling their radio. when contact is lost, coast guard ships are deployed, but the intrepid flyers make it in.
corpus document1173
the awful truth
jerry warriner (cary grant) returns home from a trip, which he falsely states was to florida, to find that his wife, lucy (irene dunne), is not at home. when she returns in the company of her handsome music teacher, armand duvalle (alexander d'arcy), jerry learns that lucy spent the night in the country with armand, after his car, they claim, broke down unexpectedly. lucy then discovers that jerry did not actually go to florida and that he had an artificial tan and had written multiple fake letters to her. their mutual suspicions result in divorce, during the divorce proceedings, lucy moves into an apartment with her aunt patsy (cecil cunningham). she becomes engaged to a neighbour, oklahoma dan leeson (ralph bellamy), while jerry is seen on a date with singer dixie belle lee (joyce compton). however, leeson's mother (esther dale) does not approve of lucy warriner. eventually, lucy realizes that she still loves jerry and decides to break off the engagement. however, before she can inform dan, armand shows up at her apartment to discuss jerry's earlier interruption of lucy's singing recital. when jerry knocks on the door, armand decides it would be prudent to hide in the bedroom. jerry wants to reconcile, much to lucy's delight, but then dan and his mother make an appearance. jerry slips into lucy's bedroom to avoid complications, but a fight erupts when he finds armand already there. when jerry chases armand out of the apartment in front of the leesons, dan and his mother stalk out. afterwards, jerry is seen around town with heiress barbara vance (molly lamont). to break up this relationship, on the night before the final divorce decree, lucy crashes a party at the vance mansion, pretending to be jerry's sister. she acts like a showgirl (recreating a risqué musical number she had seen performed by dixie belle) and lets on that jerry's father ("their" father) had been a gardener at princeton university, not a student-athlete as jerry had claimed. realizing that his chances with barbara have been effectively sabotaged, jerry drives lucy away in her car. motorcycle policemen stop them on the road, and lucy, plotting to spend more time with jerry, wrecks the car. the couple gets a lift to her aunt's cabin from the policemen. once there, jerry admits having made a fool of himself and the warriners are happily reconciled, just before the clock strikes midnight.
corpus document1174
back in circulation
the top reporter on the chronicle is a woman, "timmy" blake, who is engaged to marry bill morgan, her editor. morgan assigns her to investigate the death of wealthy spencer wade, who left a note implicating eugene forde, his doctor. timmy believes that the victim's widow, arline, is responsible. she goes to nightclub owner sam sherman to find out the name of a man arline was seen with there. it turns out to be carlton whitney, a known gigolo. arline sues for libel when timmy publishes a story implicating her. she is placed on trial for murder. it turns out whitney has been blackmailing her, but when wade suspected her of an affair, his suicide note implicated forde by mistake. timmy and morgan get the story straightened out, and arline ends up marrying the doctor.
corpus document1175
bad guy
a power linesman by trade, lucky walden owes gambling debts, plus interest, to crooked gamblers. when they come to make him pay, lucky hits one with a wrench, killing him. he goes to jail and is sentenced to death. lucky's one chance is for his brother steve to find an eyewitness who can testify that lucky killed the man in self-defense. when the man is found and corroborates that story, lucky gets a stay of execution. he then earns a full parole by risking his own life in saving a fellow inmate from some dangerous high-voltage wires. lucky goes back to his old tricks. he violates his parole, then coaxes steve into helping him rig the prison's electrical bars to help him escape. steve's girlfriend kitty is also attracted to lucky and wants him out of prison. the cops chase lucky, who, in a twist of fate, is electrocuted by the wires he knows so well. steve is sentenced to jail himself, and now regrets helping his no-good brother.
corpus document1176
big city
joe benton (spencer tracy) and his wife anna (luise rainer) are suspected of starting a taxi war. although innocent, they are blamed for everything that has happened and the officials demand that anna be deported from the united states. while trying to prove their innocence, the couple feels forced to hide. the film also casts a number of popular sports figures including jack dempsey, james j. jeffries, jim thorpe, and frank wykoff in minor comic roles.
corpus document1177
big town girl
about to serve a 20-year prison sentence for a bank robbery, jim mead escapes. he tracks down estranged wife peggy melville, a singer, but she flees, moves to a new town and changes her name to fay loring, taking a job at a department store. a publicist, larry edwards, overhears her singing in the store one day and thinks he can make her a star. he accidentally gets fay fired, so she takes him up on his offer. unwilling to show her face in public, for fear mead will find her, fay performs as the "masked countess," using a fake french accent. mark tracey, a reporter, becomes determined to find out the masked woman's true identity. a stormy relationship develops between them. mark prints a story with a photograph, and mead recognizes a ring on the singer's finger. when the reporter brings along an immigration official demanding to see the french countess's papers, fay runs away. in a rural area she crashes her car. mark, in pursuit, is asked at a gas station if he can give a ride to a "big town girl" who crashed her car. without her mask, fay is unrecognized by mark. as romantic sparks develop between them, mead turns up and the two men fight. the cops apprehend mead just in time. back at the nightclub, the masked countess tries to kiss mark, but he refuses. fay, delighted by his loyalty, reveals herself to him at last.
corpus document1178
black legion
when passed over for promotion at work in favor of a foreign-born friend, frank taylor (humphrey bogart), a midwestern factory worker, joins the anti-immigrant black legion, a secret white vigilante organization[3] portrayed as related to the ku klux klan. dressed in black robes and hoods, taylor and the legion mount a torchlight raid and burn down the friend's chicken farm, driving him out of town, so that taylor can gain the job he believed was his. soon, however, taylor's recruiting activities with the legion get in the way of his work, and he is demoted in favor of neighbor mike grogan (clifford soubier). the legion takes action again, attacking grogan. under the continued influence of the legion, taylor becomes a brutal racist,[3] and alienates his wife (erin o'brien-moore). he starts drinking heavily and takes up with a loose woman (helen flint). when his friend ed jackson (dick foran) tries to counsel him, a drunken taylor tells about his legion activities. taylor reports the conversation to cliff, a co-worker and fellow member of the legion, who initiates a false rumor that jackson is a woman-beater. on the pretext of punishing him for that offense, the legion kidnaps jackson, planning to flog him. jackson tries to escape. as he is running away, taylor shoots and kills him; breaking down afterward with guilt and remorse, he exclaims, "i didn't mean to shoot!"[4] taylor is arrested for the murder, and the legion threatens his wife and son to prevent him from implicating the secret group in the crime. taylor finally tells the truth, resulting in all the members of the black legion being convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison.[5]
corpus document1179
born to the west
 on the vast mountainous montana vista, to the soft strains of a "ride 'em" chorus, horned cattle are quietly herded until raiders divert them. hearing shots, dare (wayne) "this is no time to think" in a tall white hat, and hungry dark-mustached wiry side-kick lightning-rod salesman dink hooley (an uncredited syd saylor) mis-call "the winning side", add their wild mustangs to confusion and dusty stampede at jerky triple time of original silent film. rough shrubby terrain provides a dangerous battleground. seemingly safe across border in next state, wayne's cousin tom fillmore (john mack brown), local "big man," bank president, and "shining" good sheep of the family surprises the pair, and offers them a job. "people around here spend too much time thinking"; john just fist fights and proposes while tom's girl judy (marsha hunt) bandages his eye, "i guess i'll just marry you" he says. she declines to answer, but says, "you've been hurt enough for one day." when a rattler scares her horse, tom's somersaults and dare wins the chase. "i wound up the cat and kicked the clock out" is dare trying to turn a new leaf and be responsible. judy asks tom to take the cook's apron off wayne, so the boss does promote his cousin to foreman of the herding. first night out, rustlers attack - empty blankets "hope it don't start raining". dare makes the sale for over $10k, but gets convinced to pay out wages and stay the night to celebrate, proving who is "the best player west of the mississippi". the bartender serves a deck under the bad guy's tray of drinks, and dare loses almost everything. when dare is late returning, tom tells judy the cost was worth every penny to show her dare's true nature. she pleads for him to save dare "you're smart about these things, smarter than any man i know." he arrives in time to take over playing and catches their trick. fillmore hands have already left, so the bad guys shoot tom in the shoulder and pursue the trio. dink diverts some and catches up to bring the hands back, while the cousins hole up, dare admitting tom is the best poker player. back home after winning the gunfight, tom tells judy where dare is riding out of town, and that he wants to offer him a partnership, so judy brings the montana-bound buddies back.
corpus document1180
breakfast for two
after drunkenly carousing on the town, idle playboy, jonathan blair, wakes up to find that texan valentine ransome has spent the night in his mansion. he remembers little of the night and knows little about his houseguest. valentine is attracted to jonathan and sets out first to reform and then to marry him, explaining to her horse-breaking uncle sam that she intends to "slip a bit in his mouth and make him like it". in her way is jonathan's girlfriend, actress carol wallace. jonathan is dismayed to discover that his neglected family shipping firm is in dire trouble, and that he will not be receiving his usual check, leaving him broke. valentine decides to use this news to ignite his ambition. she buys up controlling interest in the company and moves into his home as the new tenant. when he discovers the identity of the new owner, he wrongly assumes she went out with him solely to learn what she could about the company. furious, he tells her that he will fight to get the company back, but later, to his valet, butch, he admits he is beaten, as nobody will lend him the money he needs to make the attempt. butch, who approves of valentine, informs her of this. she makes jonathan vice president, but he visits the office only to inform her that carol has asked him to marry her, and that he has accepted. that afternoon, valentine tries her best to disrupt the ceremony, with the help of noisy bearded window washers, presided over by an increasingly frustrated justice of the peace. finally, sam ransome bursts in and declares that carol is the mother of his children. the wedding is off, but one of the guests, mr. meggs, recognizes sam and informs jonathan. the next day, jonathan outlines to the firm's receivership board his bold new plan to get the company back on its financial feet. the board members vote to accept his scheme and return control of the business to him. valentine is pleased by his display of initiative and drive ... until he tells her that the wedding with carol is back on. in desperation, butch produces a forged marriage certificate showing that valentine and jonathan are husband and wife. carol leaves in a huff. after butch informs valentine of the deception, she continues the masquerade, much to jonathan's discomfort. when butch confesses the truth to jonathan, however, the tables are turned. she flees from her suddenly amorous "husband". however, at the train station, they make peace and get married for real.
corpus document1181
the bride wore red
in a trieste gambling casino, the cynical count armalia (george zucco) tells his snobbish friend rudi pal (robert young) that the only thing separating aristocrats from peasants is luck. later, in a waterfront cafe, he decides to prove his point by offering the club's singer, anni pavlovitch (joan crawford), money and a wardrobe to stay at an upper class resort hotel in the alps for two weeks and pose as his friend anne vivaldi, an aristocrat's daughter. when anni first arrives, she meets giulio (franchot tone), a philosophical postal clerk who has no desire for wealth. she also meets her old friend maria (mary philips), who is happy being a maid in the hotel and warns anni not to become the victim of armalia's joke on his friends. that evening, anni attracts the attention of rudi, who is dining with his fiancée, maddalena monti (lynne carver), her father, admiral monti (reginald owen), and contessa di meina (billie burke). rudi begins to fall in love with anni, but she is more attracted to giulio. hoping to lure rudi into proposing to her, anni extends her stay beyond the two weeks while the contessa, who has been suspicious of her from the beginning, wires armalia for information on her. when the reply comes through the post office, giulio reads it and learns the truth, but on the way to deliver it, he meets anni, who goes to his cottage and realizes that she loves him, but marriage to rudi would bring the material wealth she craves. later, she falls and giulio loses the telegram going to help her. on the evening of an annual costume party at which the hotel guests dress as peasants, anni snubs giulio when he offers her flowers, but later confesses her love. she still plans to marry rudi, though, whom she has finally gotten to propose, after refusing to be his mistress. the next day, rudi tells maddalena that he is in love with anni and she steps aside, then suggests that they dine together that evening. while maria helps anni pack, she tells her that she no longer has a heart and that the gaudy red beaded dress she plans to wear is what she is really like. during dinner, giulio delivers a copy of the telegram to the contessa, who shows it to rudi and the others. maddalena is genuinely sympathetic, and anni tells rudi that he should marry his childhood sweetheart because she really is a lady. finally, after being comforted by maria, anni realizes that rudi did the right thing and she leaves the hotel after the manager demands payment of her bill. when she leaves, taking only her peasant costume from the ball, giulio is happily waiting for her.
corpus document1182
broadway melody of 1938
young horse trainer sally (eleanor powell) befriends sonny (george murphy) and peter (buddy ebsen), who have been hired to look after a horse her family once owned. concerned for the horse's well-being, she sneaks aboard a train taking the horse and its caretakers to new york city. en route she meets talent agent steve raleigh (robert taylor) who, impressed with her dancing and singing, sets her on the road to stardom and romance blossoms between the two. a subplot involves a boarding house for performers run by sophie tucker, who is trying to find a big break for young judy garland.
corpus document1183
bulldog drummond comes back
phyllis clavering (louise campbell), the girlfriend of captain drummond (john howard), is kidnapped. murderer mikhail valdin (j. carroll naish) and his sister, erena soldanis (helen freeman), seek revenge for the death of her husband, sent to the gallows a year ago through drummond's actions. though valdin could shoot drummond, he informs the captain that it would be too quick. drummond and his friend colonel nielsen (john barrymore) are instead given a series of riddles to solve.
corpus document1184
bulldog drummond escapes
captain hugh 'bulldog' drummond (ray milland) has just returned to england. as he is driving home in the dark, a young woman jumps out in front of his car. he misses phyllis clavering (heather angel), but she falls to the ground. as he tries to revive her, he hears a shout for help, then gunshots. as he goes to investigate, the woman drives away with drummond's car. he is soon able to trace her to nearby greystone manor, and when he goes there to meet her, she urges him to help her get out of a desperate situation.[1]
corpus document1185
california straight ahead
a trucker and a train compete against each other in a race.
corpus document1186
captains courageous
harvey cheyne (freddie bartholomew) is the spoiled son of american business tycoon frank burton cheyne (melvyn douglas). he is shunned by his classmates at a private boarding school, and eventually suspended for bad behavior. his father therefore takes his son with him on a business trip to europe, travelling there by trans-atlantic steamship. mid passage, harvey falls overboard in the grand banks of newfoundland. he is rescued by a portuguese-american fisherman, manuel fidello (spencer tracy), and taken aboard the fishing schooner "we're here", from gloucester, massachusetts. harvey is shocked the schooner's captain, disko troop (lionel barrymore), intends fishing in the atlantic for three more months. he fails to persuade the captain to take him back to new york nor can he convince him of his wealth; but captain disko offers harvey temporary crew membership until they return to port. harvey is reluctant to do real work but eventually accepts. befriended by captain troop's son, dan (mickey rooney), he becomes acclimated to the demanding fishing lifestyle. the we're here fills with fish they catch. in the climactic race back to the gloucester, massachusetts port against a rival schooner, the jennie cushman, manuel climbs to the top of the mast to furl the sail. however, the mast cracks and he is plunged into the icy sea. manuel realizes that he is fatally injured because some of the rigging is entangled around his legs underwater; he tells the captain to cut him free from the boat, knowing this will kill him. as manuel says goodbye to harvey, who is crying and distraught, the captain cuts the rigging around manuel, who sinks below the water. eventually, the schooner returns to port and harvey is reunited with his father, who is impressed by his son's greater maturity. the film closes with harvey and his father commemorating manuel at a church ceremony, before starting a sailing adventure together.
corpus document1187
charlie chan at the olympics
when chan's oldest son, lee (keye luke), is chosen to compete in the olympics, chan is proud as can be. meanwhile, over the skies of chan's honolulu, the "hopkins plane" is demonstrating an improvement of remote radio control to the us military. however, the aircraft is hijacked by a concealed stowaway, the device stolen, and the test pilot murdered. when chan, followed by his astute second son, charlie jr. (layne tom jr.), tracks down the stowaway, he finds only the man's body. on the passenger list of the only aircraft to leave honolulu for the mainland after the incident are richard masters (allan lane) and yvonne roland (katherine demille). masters was the intended test pilot, only he injured his shoulder and had to be replaced. it turns out, however, he left on the pan am clipper to travel to the olympics himself as a competitor. perusing the list, hopkins (jonathan hale) recognizes the name of arms dealer arthur hughes (c. henry gordon). several of the suspects head for germany by steamship. chan, hughes and the inventor cartwright manage to arrive ahead of them by taking the zeppelin hindenburg. aboard the ship manhattan, lee chan suspects roland of being an "adventuress". he spots her putting a piece of paper in her book, and hughes taking it. he confides in fellow olympian betty adams (pauline moore), masters' girlfriend. when the ship docks, german inspector strasser, chan and hopkins go to question roland, only to find her gone and her cabin rifled. chan is reunited with his son lee when the latter sneaks into the cabin through a porthole to play detective. on the train trip to berlin, chan learns that lee saw roland borrow a camera from adams. hughes overhears the pair speculate that the invention was smuggled off the ship in it. hughes advises chan to stop investigating, then spots a gun barrel in a passing car and pushes the pair to safety. a shot strikes their compartment window. later, hughes arranges for adams' camera to be stolen, but finds nothing inside.[2] a hotel maid tries to steal the invention, hidden in adams' candy box, but is foiled by chan and strasser. when she runs to the window to warn her accomplices, charlie substitutes a book for the device without being noticed. hopkins insists on keeping the candy box in his hotel suite, where he is visited by hughes. chan and a policeman break in when they hear gunfire. they find cartwright on the floor. he claims hughes accused hopkins of taking the device to double-cross the stockholders of his company, then after hughes left, hopkins took the invention at gunpoint and slugged him. roland takes the candy box to her employer, diplomat the honorable charles zaraka (morgan wallace). when they discover the substitution, roland surmises that chan has the device. zaraka sends chan a ticket to the opening ceremony. while chan verbally spars with him and roland, lee is kidnapped. chan allows himself to be taken to zaraka to exchange the device for his son. hopkins is brought in to verify it is the invention; he does (even though it is an imitation with a radio beacon inside). satisfied, zaraka orders his men to dispose of the chans when hughes and his men burst in. hughes threatens to kill lee if chan does not produce the real equipment, but the police arrive just in time to rescue the detective. hopkins is found unconscious from a gunshot in another room. cartwright accuses hughes of the shooting, but chan proves that cartwright was responsible for that and also the murder of his accomplice back in honolulu. afterward, lee wins the 100 meter swim.
corpus document1188
charlie chan on broadway
while charlie chan and his number one son, lee, are aboard a new york-bound transatlantic liner returning from germany in their previous adventure (charlie chan at the olympics), they have a run-in with a mysterious woman, named billie bronson, who secretes a package in the trunk of the chans. after the liner docks, chan and lee are met at the pier by inspector nelson and two rival reporters, joan wendall and speed patton. bille, having left the country hurriedly a year ago when sought as a material witness in a political scandal, has returned to "blow the lid off the town." she follows the chans to their hotel and attempts to regain her package from the trunk, only to be interrupted by lee. she then goes to the "hottentot club", where "candid-camera night" is in full progress, followed by lee. already present are joan and speed. billie is mysteriously murdered and charlie is summoned from a police banquet in his honor. present in the room with the body are club manager johnny burke; club dancer and burke's girl-friend marie collins and the two reporters. while seeking a motive for the murder, a second killing is discovered in charlie's hotel room, the package is missing from charlie's trunk and it is realized that it must have contained her diary. charlie neatly puts together a few scattered clues and then springs a trap to confirm the identity of the killer.
corpus document1189
china passage
tom baldwin and joe dugan are two american adventurers who are hired to escort the wife of a chinese general to shanghai. she is carrying a priceless diamond. upon their arrival at the destination, there is a firefight, during which the diamond is stolen. the two americans round up a group of suspects, but have no luck uncovering the stolen jewel. among the suspects are jane dunn and katherine collins, an author named anthony durand, and harvey dinwiddle. they release the suspects, and then make plans to travel to san francisco. when they board the ship, they are surprised to find that all of the suspects are also aboard the same ship. as they resume their search for the diamond, baldwin and dugan discover that jane is a us customs agent, who is also searching for the jewel. as the search goes on, baldwin and jane fall in love. after their room is tossed, dugan is killed. katherine is an insurance investigator, who has uncovered some information, but she is killed before she can pass that information on to jane and baldwin. baldwin is framed for katherine's murder, but jane solves the diamond's theft and the murders, revealing that durand and his henchman, dinwiddle, are the perpetrators. baldwin and jane are married by the ship's captain.
corpus document1190
circus girl
trapeze artists bob mcavoy and charles jerome have a successful act. both develop a romantic interest in kay rogers, who also wants to become a circus performer. bob is furious when charlie and kay are secretly married, knowing that charlie is also carrying on with carlotta, the lion tamer. after a fight between the men, charlie is injured in a fall and believes bob dropped him on purpose. plotting his revenge, charlie pretends to become manager of a new act featuring bob with kay, but behind the scenes sabotages the rig. working without a net, bob is about to fall into a den of lions, but when kay tries to save him, charlie's conscience gets the better of him. he rescues bob, but plummets to his own demise.
corpus document1191
confession
"in a european city in the year 1930," 17-year-old music student lisa koslov (bryan) sees her mother off at the train station, and as she is leaving, is handed an envelope containing two tickets to a piano concert she suspects come from a well-dressed man she thinks may be stalking her. her friend hildegard persuades her to attend the concert and realizes the man is the pianist himself, the renowned michael michailow (rathbone). on lisa's behalf, hidegard accepts michailow's dinner invitation to lisa when she has misgivings. there he suavely pleads his loneliness and begs to see her the next day. when she goes to her conservatory lessons instead, she discovers that he has lied to the professor to insinuate himself as her tutor. michialow kisses lisa, who despite awareness that the situation is unsavory, responds to the kiss. the third day, when her mother returns, michialow calls lisa at home and persuades her to sneak out. he takes her to a seamy cabaret to continue his patient seduction where he won't be recognized. during a suggestive number sung by tawdry chanteuse vera kowalska (francis), the couple are illuminated in a spotlight as michailow again kisses lisa. vera and michialow recognize one another and she faints from shock. he tries to leave hastily with lisa, but vera shoots him dead. at her trial vera confesses to the murder but refuses to disclose her motive. as the lawyers are making their closing speeches, her newly discovered suitcase is brought as evidence before the presiding judge (crisp). when he orders it opened to attempt to determine if it contains mitigating evidence, vera abruptly decides to give a full statement to the court if the suitcase is not opened and the courtroom cleared of all witnesses and spectators. vera reveals that in 1912 she was a young diva in warsaw appearing in an opera composed by michialow, a womanizer who claimed to be madly in love with her. she left the company to marry soldier leonide kirow (hunter), and three years later was a mother with a husband at war. at her doctor's advice, vera attended a charity ball, where she was reunited with her old company, including michailow. he lured her to a party at his apartment, where she became drunk and passed out. the next morning, while pondering how to tell her husband before gossip reached him, he returned from the front as an amputee, and out of a sense of guilt she remained silent. michailow bombarded her with letters begging to see her, which she hid from leonide without answering them, until one day she went to michailow to warn him to stop. leonide followed her, and thinking the worse, sued her for adultery. michialow fled to avoid testifying on her behalf, and she was found guilty, losing custody of her daughter. for fifteen years, reduced to being a cheap singer, vera searched europe for leonide (who had changed his name to koslov and disappeared) and her child. when she at last located them (the day of the shooting), she learned that leonid has been dead three years and that he had remarried. her daughter, who is lisa, has no idea that the second wife is not her real mother. vera's suitcase contains papers proving her statement, and she testified to prevent them from being read in open court, to save lisa's reputation and her relationship with the woman she believes is her mother. when open session resumes, all the parties avoid any mention of the details, and while vera is found guilty, her sentence is mitigated and lisa is left unaware of the truth.
corpus document1192
conquest
napoleon bonaparte (charles boyer) launches an unsuccessful seduction of the countess marie walewska (greta garbo), who is married to a much older man (henry stephenson), but she resists until convinced that giving in will save poland. after her husband annuls their marriage and napoleon divorces the empress josephine, the pair are free to formalize their happy relationship, but napoleon shocks her by announcing his decision to wed the archduchess marie louise of austria for political reasons. while he doesn't expect it to impact his relationship with marie, she leaves him, without ever telling him that she is expecting his child.
corpus document1193
counsel for crime
following his graduation from law school, senator robert maddox's (hall) adopted son paul (montgomery) is offered a job at bill mellon's (kruger) law firm. mellon, an unscrupulous criminal lawyer, is actually paul's real father, but he keeps the fact a secret from him. when paul discovers mellon's corruption, he quits and lands a job as assistant district attorney. soon after taking the position, paul spearheads a state investigation into legal malpractice. this worries mellon and prompts him to assign a criminal to implicate those investigating him in a scandal. when the criminal learns about paul's birth, he is accidentally shot by mellon in an effort to conceal the information. paul successfully prosecutes his own father, who is convicted of second-degree murder because he refuses to discuss the content of the papers over which he and mitchell were struggling, thus protecting paul and his mother.
corpus document1194
criminals of the air
in the border town of hernandez, new mexico, undercover agent mark owens (charles quigley) is assigned to help the united states border patrol break up a well-organized band of smugglers. hernandez also has a reputation for "quick marriages", just across the border in mexico, so mark soon signs on as a pilot on "the honeymoon express." "hot cake joe" (herbert heywood), who runs a sandwich stand, is an informant for the smugglers and recognizes mark is a "g-man". reporter nancy rawlings (rosalind keith), looking for a good story, wants to feature mark as the pilot of the marriage service, but he is very reluctant to be photographed. she begins to suspect that flying is only a cover for smuggling. when nancy sees him accepting money from cafe owner kurt feldon (russell hicks), whom she is sure is the head of the smugglers, her suspicions are confirmed. when joe tells feldon that mark is an undercover government agent, he orders "blast" reardon (marc lawrence), one of his gang, to kill mark and arranges for mark to fly "blast" and his girlfriend to mexico to get married. hoping to catch the smugglers in the act, nancy hides in mark's aircraft but, along with mark, is captured when the aircraft is forced to land at the smugglers' hideout, the same place that mark had photographed from the air earlier. nancy's editor becomes worried when she does not show up at the newspaper and calls the border patrol, who send a rescue team using mark's aerial photographs of the hideout. nancy and mark manage to escape in his aircraft, but are quickly followed by "blast". the border patrol intercept "blast" and shoot him down in an aerial dogfight. the smugglers attempt to make a getaway by car, but are also intercepted and gunned down by the border patrol. after realizing that they are attracted to each other, mark and nancy decide to get married.
corpus document1195
a damsel in distress
everyone on staff at tottney castle knows that the lovely lady alyce marshmorton (joan fontaine) must marry soon, so a wager is proposed as to the identity of the lucky man. with all the likely candidates already claimed, young footman albert (harry watson) places a bet on a "mr. x," someone totally out of the blue. lady alyce secretly has a romantic interest in an american no one from her family has yet met. she leaves the castle one day to venture into london, where by chance she encounters jerry halliday (fred astaire). he is an american entertainer, accompanied by press agent george (george burns) and secretary gracie (gracie allen), but he is not well enough known to be recognized by lady alyce. jerry is incorrectly led to believe that he is the american that lady alyce is in love with. he goes to the castle, encouraged by albert but discouraged by keggs (reginald gardiner), a scheming butler whose money is on another beau. the closest jerry can get to lady alyce is a castle tour, at least until albert can sneak him upstairs. false impressions abound, as jerry also fails to recognize lady alyce's father (montagu love), the lord of the manor. he is slapped in the face in a tunnel of love, misunderstanding the young lady's intentions entirely. in the end, however, he and lady alyce do find romance.
corpus document1196
danger – love at work
henry macmorrow, a junior partner in the law firm of parsons, hilton, trent and macmorrow, is assigned the task of obtaining the signatures of various members of the pemberton family so that a piece of property they own can be sold. while en route by train to the pemberton home in aiken, south carolina, he meets junior pemberton, an obnoxious ten-year-old prodigy whose behavior prompts henry to kick him in the pants when they arrive at the station, much to the dismay of the boy's sister toni. henry arrives at the permberton home before toni and junior, and the rest of the family mistakes him for her fiancé howard rogers. she quickly corrects the misunderstanding and soon finds herself liking the amiable lawyer, despite their unpleasant first meeting. mistakenly believing the millionaire henry is impoverished and the sole support of his widowed mother, toni promises to help him financially, but howard convinces the family henry is a fraud. the attorney returns to new york city, where he promptly is fired. anxious to find henry, toni convinces the pembertons their town is being quarantined, and the entire family travels to new york. when toni learns henry has lost his job, she vows to help him get it back. she urges her family to sign the documents allowing their land to be sold, and then she and henry go to the country to obtain the signatures of her aunts pitty and patty and uncle goliath. howard, still certain henry is a con artist, decides to assess the pemberton's property and discovers oil, unaware it's leaking from his own car. believing the land is worth a fortune, he persuades the family to sell it to him for $125,000 and convinces them henry was trying to scam them. thinking henry was deceiving her, toni ends their relationship. howard discovers the oil was from his car and tries to get his money back, only to discover the pembertons already have spent it. when he decides to sell the land to howard, toni tries to warn him, but he refuses to speak to her, until pitty and patty reveal toni and henry spent the night in their barn, and toni pretends he took advantage of her. her family storms henry's apartment and demands he make an honest woman of her, and he willingly agrees to marry toni.
corpus document1197
dangerous number
a clothing manufacturer, hank (robert young) returns from a year in japan, learning about a new formula for synthetic silk, to discover that his girlfriend eleanor (ann sothern) is engaged to marry another man. hank persuades her to jilt the new man at the altar. after he and eleanor get married, hank comes to dislike the show-business friends of his wife and mother-in-law gypsy (cora witherspoon) who pop up at all hours. and a man named dillman (dean jagger) turns up who claims that eleanor is actually his legal wife, not hank's. hank is distracted by vera (maria shelton), a friend of eleanor's, but in the end pretends to be a cab driver and steers his taxi into a lake, with passenger eleanor wearing a silk dress hank gave her that disintegrates in the water.
corpus document1198
daughter of shanghai
lan ying lin and government agent kim lee battle alien smugglers.
corpus document1199
a day at the races
hugo z. hackenbush (groucho marx) is a veterinarian who is hired as chief of staff for the standish sanitarium, owned by judy standish (maureen o'sullivan), at the insistence of her most important patient, the wealthy mrs. emily upjohn, (margaret dumont), who insists on being treated only by dr. hackenbush. the sanitarium has fallen on hard times, and banker j.d. morgan (douglas dumbrille) is attempting to gain control of the sanitarium in order to convert the building into a casino. judy hopes that mrs. upjohn will make a large donation and prevent that from happening. meanwhile, judy's beau, singer gil stewart (allan jones), who performs in morgan's nightclub, has spent his life's savings on a racehorse named hi-hat. his hope is that the horse, which he purchased from morgan, will win a big race and the money will allow judy to save the sanitarium. unfortunately, he now has no money to pay for the horse's feed, and he and tony (chico marx), who works for the sanitarium, and stuffy (harpo marx), hi-hat's jockey, have to resort to trickery to fend off the sheriff (robert middlemass). tony raises some money by scamming hackenbush in the "tutsi fruitsy ice cream" scene, in which tony gives hackenbush a tip on a horse, but all in code, so that hackenbush has to buy book after book from tony to decipher the code. at the sanitarium, judy's business manager, whitmore (leonard ceeley) – who is also morgan's stooge – suspects hackenbush is a fraud and attempts to expose him and rattle mrs. upjohn's faith in him by having her discover him in a compromising situation with a blonde floozie (esther muir). hackenbush is saved by stuffy and tony, who pose as house detectives and then as paperhangers, who first paste the vamp to the wall behind layers of wallpaper and then hide her under the sofa cushions. next, whitmore brings in the eminent dr. steinberg (sig ruman) from vienna, whom he hopes will expose hackenbush as a quack. hackenbush, tony, stuffy and gil hide out in hi-hat's stable, where judy soon joins them. whitmore finally exposes hackenbush as a horse doctor and morgan is about to have them arrested when hi-hat hears morgan's voice and bolts, jumping several obstacles in the way. gil realizes that hi-hat is a jumper, and enters him into the upcoming steeplechase race. morgan, who witnessed hi-hat's jumping ability, tries to prevent him from being entered in the race. after some difficulty getting past morgan and the sheriff, the race begins. knowing that hi-hat is afraid of morgan, everyone works to make hi-hat aware of his presence before reaching the fence.[2][3][4] on the last lap, hi-hat and morgan's horse wipe out; when they reach the finish line, it appears that morgan's horse has won. stuffy realizes that the mud-covered horses were switched after the accident, and morgan's jockey was riding hi-hat in the finish, thus making hi-hat the winner.
corpus document1200
dead end
in the slums of new york, on the east river just below the queensboro bridge, wealthy people live in opulent and luxurious apartments because of the picturesque views of the river, while the destitute and poor live nearby in crowded, cockroach-infested tenements. at the end of the street is a dock on the east river; to the left are the luxury apartments and to the right are the slums. the dead end kids, led by tommy gordon (billy halop), are a gang of street urchins who are already well on the path to a life of petty crime. members of the gang besides tommy include, dippy (huntz hall), angel (bobby jordan), spit (leo gorcey), t.b. (gabriel dell), and milty (bernard punsly), the new kid on the block in search of friends. spit is a bit malicious with a cruel streak and initially bullies the newcomer and takes his pocket change. however, tommy eventually lets milty join the gang, and he turns out to be both a loyal and generous friend. tommy's sister, drina (sylvia sidney), dreams of marrying some dashing, rich stranger who will save her and tommy from this miserable life of poverty and help prevent tommy from growing up to be a mobster like hugh "baby face" martin (humphrey bogart), who has returned to the neighborhood to visit his mother and childhood girlfriend. dave connell (joel mccrea), raised on the same street as martin, recognizes him and warns him to stay away, but martin contemptuously ignores him. dave, a frustrated architect who currently works odd jobs, is drina's childhood friend. he is having an affair with a rich man's mistress, kay burton (wendy barrie). although dave and kay love each other, they know they can't be together because dave cannot provide kay with the kind of lifestyle she desires. meanwhile, the kids lure philip (charles peck), a rich kid from the apartments, into a cellar where they beat and rob him. when the boy's father tries to intervene, tommy winds up stabbing him in the arm. he escapes the police and goes into hiding. martin is subsequently rejected by his mother (marjorie main), who denounces him as a murderer, and repulsed by his ex-girlfriend, francie (claire trevor), who is now a prostitute and "sick" (a coded reference to her suffering late term stages of syphilis[citation needed]). despondent over the failed visit, he decides to kidnap the rich child for ransom to make the trip back worthwhile. dave sees martin and his accomplices planning the kidnapping and again warns him to leave. martin knifes him and hunk (allen jenkins) pushes him into the river. managing to pull himself out of the river, dave pursues the hoodlums, knocking out hank and chasing martin on the rooftops before cornering him on a fire escape. among a hail of bullets, he manages to kill martin who falls onto the street below. as the police and a crowd of people gather around martin's body, the doorman (ward bond) recognizes spit as being a member of the gang that attacked the rich kid's father and identifies him to officer mulligan (james burke). spit exonerates himself by informing the police that the man was cut by tommy, who has returned to say goodbye to drina before running away. meanwhile, kay approaches dave asking him to go away with her, using the reward money that he received for killing martin. dave refuses, and kay returns to the man whom she doesn't love, but can provide her with financial security. tommy hears of spit's betrayal and tries to give him the mark of the "squealer", which is a knife wound across the cheek. before he can do so, dave intervenes, and he and drina convince tommy to surrender to the police. dave then offers to use his reward money to pay for tommy's defense. as drina, dave, and tommy leave with mulligan, the rest of the dead end kids meander off into the night, singing "if i had the wings of an angel, over these prison walls i would fly."
corpus document1201
the devil's playground
submarine officers dorgan (richard dix) and mason (chester morris) battle on land for the affections of dance-hall girl carmen (dolores del río). she marries dorgan but makes a play for mason when her husband is on duty. the romantic rivalry is forgotten when dorgan must rescue mason and his crew from a sunken sub.[1]
corpus document1202
don't tell the wife
while serving time in jail, major manning wins a mine in new mexico from a fellow inmate. upon his release, he hatches a scheme with several of his former associates to use the mine, which he believes worthless, to con rich new yorkers. his first contact is with his old partner, steve dorsey, who has married a wealthy socialite, nancy. dorsey listens to manning's plan, and agrees to head up the bogus investment company, having become bored with his suburban life. in order to induce the wealthy to invest in their bogus scheme, they hire an unwitting accomplice as their head of their company, malcolm winthrop. winthrop adds legitimacy to the group since he was the financial editor of newspaper in yonkers. after they hire winthrop, they convince nancy to invest most of her money in the scheme. when winthrop starts to become suspicious of his new partners, he travels to new mexico to physically inspect the mining operation. he discovers that contrary to what manning believes, it is actually potentially very profitable. he convinces nancy to fund the project, and he buys up all the outstanding shares in the mine, gaining total control. by the time manning understands what is going on, he is shut out of the mine, which turns into a moneymaker. dorsey is forgiven by nancy, and the two reconcile.
corpus document1203
double or nothing
eccentric millionaire philanthropist axel clark wishes to prove that all people are essentially honest and good. following his death and as a provision of his will, his lawyers drop wallets on the streets of town that each have $100 in them, with information for contacting the lawyers. the four honest people who return the wallets then find themselves unexpectedly in a sort-of lottery. the first person who could double that sum within one month, through honest means, would inherit clark's entire estate. otherwise, the entire estate would go to clark's greedy brother, who is determined to thwart the plan.
corpus document1204
double wedding
charles lodge (william powell), a free-spirited bohemian who lives in a cluttered car trailer, disrupts the well-ordered life of successful, hardworking businesswoman margit agnew (myrna loy) when he convinces her younger sister irene (florence rice) that she should become an actress. however, margit is determined that irene marry the fiancé she (and her mother before) had personally picked out for her sister, the pliable, weak-willed cousin waldo (john beal). fed up with waldo's lack of initiative during a four-year engagement, irene becomes infatuated with charles. he pretends to return her feelings so he can stay close to margit. when margit confronts him, he agrees to never see irene again if margit will let him paint her portrait. she reluctantly agrees to three weeks of sittings. as they spend time together, she begins to respond to his decidedly unconventional charms. meanwhile, charles tries to teach waldo to stand up for himself so that he can regain irene's regard, but with little luck. when irene shows up unexpectedly at his trailer, charles gets her to leave, but she is spotted by margit. believing he lied about giving irene up, she angrily smashes the painting over his head. charles arranges for a wedding, ostensibly to marry irene, but actually as a ploy to simultaneously reconcile irene and waldo and win margit's hand. however, waldo is nowhere to be seen when charles is asked if he will take irene for his wife. he is forced to answer no, and that he is really in love with margit. she finally admits she loves him too. a drunk waldo then shows up, punches charles in the nose and carries a delighted irene off.
corpus document1205
easy living
j.b. ball (edward arnold), the third richest banker in america, becomes infuriated after learning that his wife jenny (mary nash) bought a $58,000 sable fur coat without his knowledge. after finding many fur coats in her closet, ball grabs one which turns out to be, in fact, the offending coat and throws it off his new york city penthouse roof. it lands on mary smith (jean arthur) while she is riding to work on a double-decker bus. when she tries to return it, he tells her to keep it (without informing her how valuable it is). he also buys her an expensive new hat to replace the one damaged in the incident, causing her to be mistaken for his mistress. when she shows up for work, her straitlaced boss suspects her of behaving improperly to get a coat she obviously cannot afford and fires her to protect the reputation of the boy's constant companion, the magazine he publishes. mary begins receiving offers from people eager to cash in on her notoriety. one firm gives her an expensive sixteen-cylinder car, and hotel owner mr. louis louis (luis alberni) installs her in a luxury suite, hoping that this will deter ball from foreclosing on his failing establishment. when mary goes to an automat for a meal, she meets john ball jr. (ray milland), j.b.'s son. he is determined to make it on his own and is working anonymously at the restaurant. however, he is fired for giving mary free food. when mary finds out he has no place to stay, she invites him to share her enormous suite while he looks for a new job. they quickly fall in love. meanwhile, as time goes on, her supposed connection to j.b. has disastrous consequences for the stock market. stockbroker e.f. hulgar (andrew tombes) asks her for inside information about steel from mr. ball. the only ball the confused mary knows is john jr., so she consults him. he jokingly tells her it is going down and she passes it along to hulgar. as a result, everybody begins selling, just as j.b. starts buying, causing j.b.'s company to teeter on the brink of bankruptcy. when mary, john, and j.b. finally get together and figure out what is going on, john comes up with a bright solution - getting mary to tell hulgar that j.b. has cornered the market. prices shoot up, rescuing the beleaguered financier. the delighted father gives his son a job. john jr. then asks mary to be his wife.
corpus document1206
escape by night
a gang. a murder. escape in the country. the bunch of people (5) part of the capper-gang find through the dog bill a house with a blind father and a beautiful daughter, which tries to run the factory alone. it is summer and the agreement to sublet them room in the house brings unexpected activity. the windmill is being repaired, some parts of the facade painted, the fields are againcultivated, the garden has again flowers and after a summer there everything looks brighter, the romances are on, and they feel to be different people. but then one day one of the capper-gang appears with the order they have to go back to town. now the real trouble starts ...
corpus document1207
ever since eve
marge winton (marion davies) is fed up with having to quit job after job to avoid the advances of lecherous bosses. when she goes to the employment agency, she is surprised to discover that she is too beautiful for one position. so she gives herself a makeover, hiding her blond curls under a dark, severe wig, putting on glasses, and wearing a drab, unflattering dress. the disguise works. book publisher abigail belldon (louise fazenda) hires her as a secretary for lazy writer freddy matthews (robert montgomery). freddy would rather go out and party with his girlfriend camille lansing than start on his novel. abigail has already sold the film rights, and the deadline for delivering the book to the film studio is fast approaching. she figures a plain secretary will be one less distraction. despite his initial displeasure at marge's appearance, freddy gives in and accepts her. however, camille keeps taking up too much of freddy's time and attention, and marge begins to fall for him as well. thus, marge has plenty of reason to try to sabotage their relationship. when this is discovered, she quits. a complication arises when freddy decides to rehire her. he shows up at her apartment unexpectedly and sees her without her disguise, so she has to pretend to be her roommate sadie (patsy kelly). they spend the entire evening and part of the morning getting acquainted. with the deadline only days away, however, marge pretends to go out of town for a couple of weeks. the plan backfires. instead of writing, freddie goes after her. camille finds out and follows as well. marge has no choice but to show up at the hotel, registering first as the plain secretary, then as sadie, juggling her two personas to keep freddie in the dark. she finally gets an outline from him for the last few chapters, which she uses to finish the novel on her own. since he gave the outline to "sadie", and she had no opportunity to give it to marge, freddie finally realizes that they are one and the same. he decides to marry her anyway.
corpus document1208
every day's a holiday
in turn-of-the-century new york city, con artist peaches o'day (west) gets into trouble with the law for trying to sell the brooklyn bridge, but jim mccarey (lowe), a police captain, likes her enough that he lets her off with a promise from peaches to leave town.[1] she hatches a scheme instead with the wealthy van doon (winninger) and butler graves (butterworth) to perform as a singer, calling herself fifi, disguised in a black wig. quade (lloyd nolan), a chief of police with political ambitions, makes a pass at "fifi" and is rejected. in anger, he orders the club closed. capt. mccarey refuses and becomes quade's rival, even persuaded to run against him for mayor. before giving a speech at madison square garden during the campaign, mccarey is kidnapped. he escapes just in time and the publicity is helpful in his election victory. it turns out that peaches planned the whole thing, resulting in a romantic relationship with the new mayor of new york.
corpus document1209
exclusive
cleared of a crime, gangster charles gillette seeks vengeance against mountain city townspeople who sought to put him behind bars, including colonel bogardus, owner of an influential newspaper. gillette buys the sentinel, rival to the world, and tries to hire star reporter ralph houston to be his editor, but ralph declines. gillette then uses ralph's girlfriend, vina swain, to dig up dirt on his enemies. a story on mayoral candidate horace mitchell smears his reputation and results in a suicide. tod swain, an editor at the world, chastises vina for her poor judgment. gillette then sets out to ruin a department store owner by having henchman beak mcardle arrange an elevator accident that causes deaths as well as serious injury to ralph. vina's own life is in peril when gillette then orders mcardle to murder her so she can never tell what she knows. tod helps her return safely, then tricks gillette into a confession about the elevator accident. the sentinel is sold to the town, with a recovered ralph deciding to run it.
corpus document1210
expensive husbands
actress laurine lynne (beverly roberts), unable to get work in the united states, travels to europe hoping to find employment. she makes a grand entrance at a viennese hotel, and rupert (patric knowles), one of the waiters, is immediately enchanted by her. he insists on serving her dinner, but angers her when he says that although he admires her a great deal, he can tell from her movie love scenes that she has never known a great love. joe craig (allyn joslyn), laurine's press agent, arrives with the news that because a certain bad actress is married to a count, she has gotten the part that laurine wanted. he suggests that laurine marry a title to help her career, and taking his advice, laurine advertises for a marriage of convenience. without realizing that it is laurine who is advertising, rupert, who is really an impoverished prince, answers the ad. both are surprised when they learn the identity of their potential mates, but proceed with the marriage. although they love each other, both are convinced that the other went through with the marriage for selfish reasons: laurine for the title, rupert for the money. nonetheless, when they are forced to spend their honeymoon night in a hotel that was rupert's ancestral home, laurine waits hopefully for her groom to come to bed. rupert, however, is disgusted by laurine's determination to return to hollywood and her career and, in the middle of the night, leaves the hotel. the next morning, joe calls with the news that laurine has been signed to a picture. her reviews are good, but now the press wants to meet the prince. during a press conference, where laurine proclaims that she and her husband are madly in love, rupert unexpectedly appears. he whispers that her love scenes have improved, but before he can explain his arrival, laurine accuses him of returning for her money. rupert decides to punish her by spending as much money as possible, although as he reveals to joe, he is actually depositing an equal sum of money to her bank account. rupert now has money of his own because he met the conditions of a will stipulating that he must earn a certain amount of money before he inherited a fortune. he announces that he is returning to vienna and begs laurine to give up her career and come with him. at first, she refuses, but some time later, she arrives at rupert's home, which he has bought back, ready to be his wife.
corpus document1211
a family affair
judge hardy (lionel barrymore) hopes to be re-elected, but his campaign is put in jeopardy by his opposition of a wasteful public works program.[3] in carvel (a small, idealized american town) lives the hardy family of judge james k hardy, wife emily and teenage son andy (mickey rooney). judge hardy (lionel barrymore) is well admired and respected. however his chances for being re-elected as judge are threatened when he blocks the construction of a $30,000,000 aqueduct. spurned, contractor hoyt wells and newspaper publisher frank redmond swear to block his re-election campaign. frank agrees to use his paper, the carvel star to publish disparaging stories about the family. that evening hardy daughter marion returns home from college. older daughter joan hardy martin moves in as well, after a secret separation from her husband bill. the family throws a party for returning marion. at the party they are warned by a star gossip columnist that only negative stories are going to be published about the family. later that night teenaged andy hardy reluctantly takes his childhood sweetheart polly to a party, and is pleasantly surprised at what a beautiful woman she has grown into. marion has also found love in wayne trent, an engineer who has come to town to work on the aqueduct. facing the possibility of her boyfriend losing her job, she questions her father’s decision to block the construction. meanwhile, joan confesses to her father that she and bill are separated after she went to a roadhouse with another man. although the encounter was innocent, bill was enraged, and they soon separated. the carvel star publishes an article stating that people are calling for judge hardy’s impeachment. judge hardy attempts to bring contempt of court proceeding against the star.
corpus document1212
fifty roads to town
two cases of mistaken identity complicate matters when a woman he believes to be a process server comes across a man she believes to be a criminal. a warrant out on him, peter norstrand flees his new york city home and heads north. hiding out, he is spotted by lodge guest millicent kendall, who grips a document when she comes to a room. peter pulls a gun on her and makes her burn it, unaware that it is actually a marriage license. millicent is a missing heiress, planning to elope with her fiancé. peter forces her to spend the night in his cabin so as not to inform on his whereabouts. when she attempts to escape in the snow, he takes away one of her shoes. a sheriff and his deputies begin a search for an actual fugitive, dutch nelson, and are mistaken for trappers by peter, who fires a gun to scare them away. the lawmen respond with machine guns and tear gas. peter reveals to millicent that the warrant is just to force him to testify in a friend's divorce. as she falls in love with him, the real dutch turns up.
corpus document1213
fight for your lady
"honest" ham hamilton needs money. a wrestling promoter in london, he places a wager and tells his champion mike scanlon to lose on purpose, but mike wins anyway to impress marcia trent, an actress who has bet on him to win. hamilton ingratiates himself with marcia and her betrothed, singer robert densmore, then sees robert become suicidally depressed after marcia leaves him for mike. on a night in budapest, a drunken robert is persuaded by equally inebriated reporter jim trask make a play for a nightclub singer, marietta, and incur the wrath of her jealous beau, spadissimo. he will be challenged to a duel and that will grant robert's wish to die. trouble ensues when marietta becomes genuinely attracted to robert and lies that his mother desperately needs him. spadissimo takes pity until marcia informs him robert has no mother. the duel is on until hamilton throws himself at the swordsman's mercy on robert's behalf, disguised as his mother.
corpus document1214
the firefly
secret agent nina maria azara (jeanette macdonald) is working undercover for the king of spain (tom rutherford) as a singer known as the "mosca del fuego" or "firefly."[4] despite her love for captain andre (allan jones), she tricks him so that his general will change the french defensive positions, thus allowing the duke of wellington to win the battle of vitoria. in the end nina and andre leave together for a new life in peace.
corpus document1215
first lady
the granddaughter of a president of the united states, lucy chase wayne (kay francis) discreetly campaigns to gain the presidential nomination for her beloved husband, secretary of state stephen wayne (preston foster). she tries to gain the support of rising senator gordon keane (victor jory), a victory that would be doubly sweet inasmuch as he is the protégé of her despised arch-rival, irene hibbard (verree teasdale). lucy becomes concerned when rumors reach her that irene intends to divorce her boring supreme court justice spouse, carter (walter connolly), marry keane, and try to get him elected president. she concocts a scheme to deceive irene into believing that carter will be her party's candidate in the upcoming election (when she knows that he has no chance whatsoever) and force irene to abort her own plans. lucy convinces lavinia mae creevey (louise fazenda), the narrow-minded, provincial leader of an organization of five million women, to back carter. to lucy's horror, newspaper magnate ellsworth t. banning (grant mitchell) adds his support, and carter is indeed offered the nomination. lucy learns that prince boris gregoravitch (gregory gaye), irene's ex-husband, is in washington for negotiations. learning something interesting from the prince, she has her husband invite the foreign envoy to the dinner in which carter is to announce his acceptance of the nomination. gregoravitch is delighted to see irene and gives her some "good" news. on behalf of his country, he has reached an agreement with the united states in which both sides will recognize each other's laws. once the treaty is signed, he and irene will be considered divorced by the american legal system. until then however, irene is technically a bigamist. lucy blackmails irene into getting carter to decline the nomination, leaving the way free for her husband.
corpus document1216
fit for a king
newspaper reporter "scoops" (brown) is sent out on assignment, to investigate the failed assassination attempts on archduke julio (harry davenport). trying to get the story, he runs into jane hamilton (helen mack) who is really princess helen. he doesn't realize that she is the story: a princess in exile, in danger of assassination; and, falling in love with "scoops", while engaged to a prince. the film ends with a wild chase and a shootout with machine guns. the question is, who will survive to tell the tale?
corpus document1217
flight from glory
ellis (onslow stevens) runs trans-andean air service, a run-down company transporting supplies from delgado, a tiny, remote outpost, over the andes mountains to some mines. to save money, ellis uses worn-out aircraft and "black sheep" pilots and crew no one else will employ. he hires george wilson (van heflin), and is surprised when he brings his new wife, lee (whitney bourne). chief pilot paul smith (chester morris) tries to get her to leave, but the wilsons have no money. as time goes on, george proves to be a drunk. paul protects him as best he can, as he has fallen in love with lee. she eventually confesses that she loves him.[3] after hanson (richard lane}, an experienced pilot dies in crash witnessed by george, he begins to crack up. when george is too drunk to fly, garth hilton (douglas walton) takes his place and is killed in yet another crash. distraught and seeking revenge, george then forces ellis at gunpoint into an aircraft and takes off. in the mountains, george jumps to his death, leaving ellis to die like too many others he had hired. smith is left to take over, but decides to join lee and leave together. "mousey" mousialovitch (solly ward), the chief mechanic and former pilot, takes over the operation, with the mine owners promising new aircraft will be delivered.[4]
corpus document1218
the game that kills
after his brother is killed on the ice during a hockey game, alex ferguson, convinced it was no accident, goes undercover as a new player to discover the truth. alex falls for betty holland, the coach's daughter. he ultimately learns that team owner maxwell is in cahoots with gamblers, as are a couple of his players, and coach joe holland is in debt to them. betty takes a job at a newspaper and endeavors to clear her dad's name while alex survives a dangerous game, followed by a confrontation with the crooks.
corpus document1219
the girl said no
jimmie (robert armstrong), a shady bookie, meets pearl (irene hervey), a taxi dance hall girl. he takes her out on a number of dates, pretending to be a high profile producer. she is happy to spend his money extravagantly but refuses to be his girlfriend. to get his revenge, jimmie promises to make her a broadway star and becomes her manager. he takes her to expensive dinners and meetings with people in the top entertainment circles. jimmie tricks pearl into signing a contract under which most of her earnings go to him. he persuades a defunct gilbert and sullivan troupe to re-form, obtains an empty theatre for a night, and fills it by blackmail. they play the mikado, which is deservedly a hit. overwhelmed with regret over his deceit, he proposes, and she, overwhelmed with gratitude over his support, accepts.
corpus document1220
girls can play
softball player ann casey is tired of wearing athletic clothing and seeking something more glamorous, so she answers a newspaper ad seeking models at a photography studio. a reporter, jimmy jones, distracts her while in line and inadvertently costs ann the job. while she returns to playing softball, jimmy thinks there might be a story in the team. he finds its owner is a gangster, foy harris, then stumbles into a diabolical murder plot involving foy being disguised as a woman on the team. foy first kills his partner, then, because she knows too much, murders player sue collins by poisoning the laces of her catcher's mitt. ann ends up hiding in foy's closet, in danger of her life, then used as a hostage before jimmy arrives to save her, just in time.
corpus document1221
the go getter
when the us navy rigid airship macon is damaged in a storm and crashes into the water (as the real uss macon did in 1935), helmsman bill austin stays with his commanding officer until the rest of the crew has gotten safely away. bill loses a leg as a result of the crash and leaves the navy. he goes looking for employment, but jobs are scarce in san francisco. he tries a lumber company run by lloyd skinner, interrupting a meeting between skinner and his fiancee margaret ricks. skinner orders him to leave his office. matt peasely, head of a shipping firm in the same building, is more polite, but the answer is still the same. undeterred, bill seeks out cappy ricks, the retired founder of both companies. while waiting in the reception area, he encounters margaret again. he assumes she is also a job seeker and makes a date with her, unaware she is cappy's only offspring. she sees her father first, and asks him to give bill a chance. cappy, who is frustrated with the way skinner and peasely have been running the businesses he built up, is quite willing to countermand them. he and skinner decide to give bill the hardest task they can think of: selling a half million feet of unwanted skunk spruce cappy bought years ago as a favor to a friend. not only does bill sell all of the spruce, he also generates orders for all of the lumber the company has and more, all in a single business trip across the western united states, forcing cappy to send him to seattle to buy the shortfall from a hard-negotiating competitor. meanwhile, bill and margaret fall in love. with his commission from his trip, he buys an engagement ring. when he tells cappy of his plans, however, the widowed cappy is adamantly opposed to losing margaret's company. he and skinner go ahead with the "blue vase" test, a test everybody has failed, including skinner. cappy telephones bill and tells him he saw a vase he liked, but could not spare the time to purchase it. he gives bill instructions to buy it whatever the cost and bring it to him at the railway station by eight o'clock. cappy and skinner have pre-arranged all sorts of obstacles to make the task impossible, but bill overcomes them all, and by hocking margaret's ring to help pay the $1000 price of the vase and persuading a navy pilot friend (on his honeymoon night, no less) to fly him ahead of the already departed train, he succeeds. cappy is so impressed, he offers bill a promotion to manager of his shanghai office. when bill insists on marrying margaret immediately so she can accompany him, cappy does his best to stop him. he buys up all the staterooms in the ship bill is to take, but bill and margaret get married and manage to sneak aboard the ship anyway. then cappy receives word that his men have gone on strike, and they trust and will only negotiate with bill. cappy sends him an urgent radiogram. when the captain of the ship refuses bill's request to turn around, bill jumps overboard. margaret follows him, and the captain drops a lifeboat. cappy finds them rowing back to land. bill negotiates an end to the strike, and cappy decides to send skinner to shanghai instead. for cappy's sake, the couple agree to live in his mansion.
corpus document1222
the good earth
in pre-world war i northern china, young farmer wang lung (paul muni) marries o-lan (luise rainer), a slave at the great house, the residence of the most powerful family in their village. o-lan proves to be an excellent wife, hard working and uncomplaining. wang lung prospers. he buys more land, and o-lan gives birth to two sons and a daughter. meanwhile, the great house begins to decline. all is well until a drought and the resulting famine drive the family to the brink. o-lan gives birth to a second daughter but kills her shortly after birth to spare her from starvation. desperate, wang lung considers the advice of his pessimistic, worthless uncle (walter connolly) to sell his land for food, but o-lan opposes it. instead, they travel south to a city in search of work. the family survives by begging and stealing. when a revolutionary gives a speech to try to drum up support for the army approaching despite rain in the north, wang lung and o-lan realize the drought is over. they long to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food. the city changes hands, and o-lan joins a mob looting a mansion. however, she is knocked down and trampled upon. when she comes to, she finds a bag of jewels overlooked in the confusion. this windfall allows the family to go home and prosper once more. o-lan asks only to keep two pearls for herself. years pass. wang lung's sons grow up into educated young men, and he has grown so wealthy that he purchases the great house. then, wang lung becomes besotted with lotus (tilly losch), a pretty, young dancer at the local tea house, and makes her his second wife. he begins to find fault with the worn-out o-lan. desperate to gain affection from lotus, he gives o-lan's pearls to lotus. when wang lung discovers that lotus has seduced younger son (roland lui), he orders his son to leave. then a swarm of locusts threatens the entire village. using a strategy devised by elder son (keye luke), everyone unites to try to save the crops. just when all seems lost, the wind shifts direction, taking the danger away. the near-disaster brings wang lung back to his senses. he reconciles with younger son. on the latter's wedding day, wang lung returns the pearls to o-lan before she dies, completely exhausted by a hard life. without disturbing the wedding festivities, wang lung quietly exits the house and regards a flowering peach tree planted by o-lan on their marriage day. reverently he murmurs, "o-lan, you are the earth."
corpus document1223
the great gambini
grant naylor is unhappy because the woman he loves, ann randall, wants to instead marry stephen danby, a scoundrel. all are surprised during a performance of the great gambini when the magician predicts ann and danby will never be wed. his prediction comes true when danby's dead body is found. sgt. kirby questions all of ann's family and grant, and a piece of evidence points them to a man who was using a disguise. grant believes the detective has the wrong man and discovers it's been gambini himself all along. gambini confesses on stage, but remains confident because kirby's handcuffs might not be able to hold him.
corpus document1224
the great garrick
in london in 1750, renowned english actor david garrick announces onstage that he has been invited to paris to work with the prestigious comédie-française. a person in the audience jeers that the french want him to teach them how to act. the playwright beaumarchais (lionel atwill) returns to the comédie-française and attributes the remark to garrick himself. the outraged french actors, led by their president, picard (melville cooper), decide to make him an object of public ridicule. they take over a wayside inn where he will be staying, and beaumarchais devises a plot intended to humiliate garrick by frightening him into returning to england. on his way to paris, garrick is met by jean cabot (etienne girardot), an admirer who works as a comédie-française prompter. cabot warns the actor about the plot and advises him to travel straight to paris, but garrick decides to continue on to the inn and play along with french actors, despite the misgivings of his servant tubby (edward everett horton). a complication arises when germaine dupont, countess de la corbe (olivia de havilland), arrives at the inn soon after. garrick believes she is one of the actresses (and not a very good one), when she is actually fleeing a marriage arranged by her father. she falls in love with garrick, and he plays along. meanwhile, the french try to discomfort the englishman with a sword fight, a shootout between a husband and his wife's lover, a mad waiter (luis alberni), and at the end, a violent blacksmith (trevor bardette). after overhearing the "blacksmith" remind himself to hit the anvil with his hammer and not garrick's head, garrick disguises himself as the blacksmith and, pretending to be drunk, tells the aghast french actors that he has struck and killed their intended victim. then he reveals his identity. relieved, picard apologizes and begs him to join them in paris. garrick graciously accepts. before they leave, however, he criticizes germaine for her bad acting, infuriating her. at his premiere in paris, playing don juan, garrick learns that germaine is not a member of the company. realizing that she was telling the truth and that he actually loves her, he is too distraught to perform. fortunately, jean cabot informs him that he ran into germaine and explained the whole thing to her. she forgives him and is in the audience. the central situation of the film, in which the protagonist is supposedly deceived into believing that he is surrounded by the staff of an inn, somewhat resembles the plot of oliver goldsmith's play she stoops to conquer, to which garrick wrote the prologue. in that comedy the hero arrives at his intended destination, the estate of a prominent landowner, but mistakes it for an inn along his route. there he falls in love the daughter of the house, whom he mistakes for a maid.
corpus document1225
green fields
levy yitzchok is an orphaned yeshiva student. restless and distressed, he leaves his study hall in search of "real jews" and wanders through the belorussian countryside. he eventually settles in a small village, where the only jews are two peasant families: dovid-noich, his wife rochel, their two sons, hersh ber and avraham yankov, and daughter tsine; and elkone, his wife gittel and their daughter stera. dovid is flattered by the presence of a scholar among the poor unlearned peasants, and invites levy yitzchok to stay as a boarder and tutor his two sons in religious studies. the phlegmatic, unworldly levy is himself fascinated by the farmers' lives and their vitality. he is ashamed by his lack of physical prowess, which is demonstrated when he attempts to aid in field work. levy secretly develops feelings for the youthful and vivacious tsine, who is impressed with him and begins to spy on her brothers' lessons; she herself is restricted from attending, but manages to learn to write her own name. dovid quarrels with his neighbor, and the enraged elkone cancels his daughter's match with hersh. he offers stera's hand to levy. elkone brings his daughter to dovid's house, to annul her relations with the latter's son. she begins crying and hersh is obviously depressed. the fathers are softened and agree to forget about their clash and allow them to marry. levy yitzchok and tsine reveal their desires to one another, and announce they want their own wedding. the film closes with an ending title stating that from palestine to birobidzhan, the jewish masses are no longer superstitious and subservient before talmud scholars and that in the fusion of the learned levy and strong-willed tsine, "a new jew is born."
corpus document1226
green light
errol flynn stars as dr. newell paige, a surgeon whose refusal to name the real culprit in an operation gone fatally awry results in the ruin of his career. dismissed from the hospital staff, paige leaves massachusetts and travels to montana to assist a researcher in rocky mountain spotted fever, almost dying when he subjects himself to an experimental serum. anita louise stars as phyllis dexter, his eventual love interest, and cedric hardwicke as dean harcourt, an anglican clergyman and radio preacher whose advice dr. paige at first dismisses, then later realizes is the truth. the film ends with paige, returned to his former post and cleared of all charges, and phyllis seated in the cathedral, listening to dean harcourt quoting a psalm, followed by the st. luke choristers' amen.
corpus document1227
harlem on the prairie
the story concerns events in the life of doc clayburn, who returns with his medicine show and young daughter, carolina, to the country where 20 years before he had been a rider with a gang of outlaws and assisted in a gold robbery. the gold was hidden when all but doc were killed in a fight with a posse, and never recovered. when doc is on his way to recover the gold and wipe out the memory of those early days and his straying from the straight and narrow, his caravan, which had been trailed by a rival gang, is attacked and he is mortally wounded. just before he dies, doc gives a map of the gold cache to jeff kincaid, a younger rider whom he entrusts with the plan of finding the gold and restoring it to its rightful owners. in doing this, jeff encounters the heavies, and mistletoe and crawfish supply the comedy relief.
corpus document1228
heidi
adelheid, called heidi (shirley temple), is an eight-year-old swiss orphan who is given by her aunt to her mountain-dwelling grandfather (jean hersholt). she is then stolen back by her aunt from her grandfather to live in the wealthy sesemann household in frankfurt am main as a companion to klara (marcia mae jones), a sheltered, disabled girl in a wheelchair. heidi is unhappy but makes the best of the situation, always longing for her grandfather. when klara's body and spirits mend under heidi's cheerful companionship, the housekeeper (who has tried to keep klara dependent upon her) tries to get rid of heidi by selling her to the gypsies but she is stopped by the police. heidi is rescued and reunited with her grandfather.
corpus document1229
heroes of the alamo
unlike other alamo films that concentrate on davy crockett and jim bowie, the main protagonists are almaron (bruce warren) and susanna dickinson (ruth findlay) and their daughter angelina (marilyn haslett). the film gives a fictionalised fast moving account of the restriction on american emigration to texas, the arrest of stephen f. austin by santa anna (julian rivero), sam houston (edward piel) appointed general to build the texian army, and dickinson's participation in both the battle of gonzales and the battle of the alamo.
corpus document1230
high flyers
jeremiah "jerry" lane (bert wheeler) and pierre potkin (robert woolsey) are a couple of midway "pilots" on a carnival ride who have never actually been in the air. the duo leave their job when they are hired by smuggler dave hanlon (jack carson) to fly a real aircraft in order to retrieve a lifesaver. they believe that the lifesaver only consists of harmless photos, but soon find inside the lifesaver stolen jewels and cocaine.[note 1] jerry and pierre eventually land in the backyard of the arlington estate, owened by arlene (marjorie lord), martha (margaret dumont) and horace arlington (paul harvey). initially, the arlingtons believe that the duo are police officers, and readily allow them to stay in their home. as it turns out, the arlingtons are good friends with hanlon. when hanlon is informed that jerry and pierre are at the arlington estate, he convinces the family that the two men are lunatics from an asylum. hanlon and some of his cronies (posing as doctors) show up at the mansion in order to "bump off" jerry and pierre, and get the smuggled jewels. however, the jewels have been hidden by the arlingtons' kleptomaniac dog. a frantic and confusing search around the manor soon occurs, with dozens of cops added into the mix.
corpus document1231
high, wide and handsome
in 1859, doc watterson brings his traveling medicine show to titusville, pennsylvania. (in a deliberate nod to kern and hammerstein's classic musical show boat, which had been filmed with irene dunne the year before, it stars irene dunne as doc watterson's daughter sally, with doc in the mold of dunne's show boat character's father, cap'n andy.[citation needed] in addition, dorothy lamour sings a torch song, much as helen morgan did in show boat.) when the medicine show wagon accidentally goes up in flames, mrs courland and her grandson peter invite the wattersons and their fake indian, mac, to stay with them. peter and sally fall in love. railroad tycoon walt brennan wants to take over the land of several oil-drilling farmers, led by peter cortlandt. brennan wants to use the land to build a railroad. the townspeople block the plan, assisted by a herd of circus elephants, and instead construct their own oil pipeline.
corpus document1232
hills of old wyoming
an evil deputy is using indian half-breeds to rustle cattles. this cause trouble between the cattlemen and indian. hoppy, windy and lucky see that justice is served. songs abound.
corpus document1233
history is made at night
irene vail (jean arthur) decides to divorce her husband, the rich ship owner bruce vail (colin clive), after he falsely accuses her of having an affair. bitterly jealous and possessive of irene, vail learns that he can prevent the divorce from being finalized if he can provide evidence that she has been involved with another man within six months of filing for divorce. vail pays his driver, michael (ivan lebedeff), to go to irene's hotel room in paris and pretend to be her lover, with the intention of having a private detective catch them in a compromising position. however, an unknown man overhears irene's startled cry upon finding michael in her room. a struggle ensues when the man defends irene against michael's unwanted advances, and ends with michael on the floor, unconscious. when vail and the detective burst into the room, the man threatens them with a gun, demands irene's jewelry, and takes irene hostage. once they are away, the intruder, paul dumond (charles boyer), returns irene's jewelry and invites her to dine with him at the château bleu restaurant, where he works as a waiter. they dance the night away and irene falls madly in love with the charming and handsome paul. in the morning, irene returns to find vail and the police in her room, for michael is dead. vail leads her to believe that paul is responsible for his death, and blackmails her into coming back to america with him in exchange for paul's freedom. distraught that he is unable to find irene, paul reads in the newspaper that irene has reunited with her husband and left for america. sensing something is wrong, he embarks for the united states to find her, accompanied by cesare (leo carrillo), his good friend and head chef of château bleu. in manhattan, paul and cesare rehabilitate a restaurant, with the hope that its reputation will cause irene to come to dine. the reunion takes place at last, but the happiness is short-lived when paul learns that michael is dead and a man has been arrested in paris for the murder. unwilling to let an innocent man pay for what he thinks is his crime, paul embarks for paris, and irene joins him. they travel on the liner princess irene, which is owned by vail. vail learns they are on the ship. in a rage, he radios orders to the captain to run at full speed, despite the danger of collision with an iceberg in the poor weather conditions, supposedly to break the record for fastest crossing. he actually hopes the ship will be sunk, killing paul and irene. the ship does strike an iceberg, and premature news reports state that the ship has sunk with horrendous loss of life, with the death toll possibly higher than the titanic disaster. consumed by guilt, vail commits suicide and confesses to killing michael in a suicide note. but the princess irene's bulkhead doors manage to hold the water and prevent the ship from sinking. there is no loss of life, and paul and irene and the other passengers rejoice when they hear the news. they also learn that other ships are coming to their aid to help the crippled liner.
corpus document1234
hollywood hotel
saxophone player and singer ronnie bowers (dick powell), is on his way to hollywood, having been signed to a ten-week contract by all star pictures. at the airport, his former employer, benny goodman, and his band give him a big sendoff, performing "hooray for hollywood". in hollywood, temperamental star mona marshall (lola lane) becomes furious when she learns that another actress has landed a part she desperately wanted. as a result, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest movie. publicist bernie walton (allyn joslyn) convinces studio boss b. l. faulkin (grant mitchell) to substitute a double. bernie chooses virginia stanton (rosemary lane), who has already worked as a stand-in for mona. for her escort, bernie chooses an unsuspecting (and starstruck) ronnie. the charade works. everyone, from ronnie to louella parsons to the radio host at the premiere (ronald reagan) is fooled. things take an unexpected turn when ronnie and virginia begin to fall in love, wading in a fountain pond and singing "i'm like a fish out of water". the next day, bernie takes ronnie to lunch at the restaurant where virginia is working as a waitress, to break the news of his date's real identity. ronnie and virginia begin dating. when mona reads in the newspaper that "she" was at the premiere with ronnie, she forces faulkin to buy the young man out of his contract. photographer fuzzy boyle (ted healy) appoints himself ronnie's agent, and they make the rounds, trying to get his acting career started, without success. the two end up employed at a drive-in. when ronnie sings during work, director walter kelton (william davidson) is impressed and offers him a job. ronnie is disappointed to learn, however, that he will not be acting, but only dubbing the singing for mona's longtime screen partner, alex dupre (alan mowbray). dupre's "singing" impresses the audience at the preview. when louella parsons invites him to perform on her radio program, he accepts without thinking. desperate, all star pictures pays ronnie an exorbitant fee to sing for the actor. however, ronnie has his own ideas. virginia (posing as mona) picks up dupre in a limousine driven by fuzzy. the pair drive him out into the countryside so he misses the program. ronnie substitutes for dupre and is a hit, so faulkin decides to re-sign him, at a larger salary.
corpus document1235
the hurricane
as a passenger ship sails by the bleak ruins of a deserted island, dr. kersaint (thomas mitchell) blows his former home a kiss. when a fellow passenger asks him about the place, he tells its tragic story, segueing into a flashback. during the colonial era in the south pacific, the natives of the island of manakoora are a contented lot. terangi (jon hall), the first mate on an island-hopping schooner, marries marama (dorothy lamour), the daughter of the chief (al kikume). she has a premonition and begs him not to leave, or at least take her with him on the ship's next voyage, but he makes her stay behind. upon reaching tahiti, the crew goes to a bar to celebrate. when a racist white man orders them to leave, terangi strikes him and breaks his jaw. unfortunately, the man has strong political connections, and the governor is forced to sentence him to six months in jail, over the objections of terangi's captain, nagle (jerome cowan). back on manakoora, dr. kersaint begs recently appointed local french governor eugene de laage (raymond massey) to have terangi brought home to serve his sentence under parole, but de laage refuses to compromise his stern interpretation of the law, despite the pleas of captain nagle, father paul (c. aubrey smith), and even his own wife (mary astor). unable to bear being confined, terangi repeatedly tries to escape, lengthening his sentence by another 16 years, much to the delight of a particularly harsh jailer (john carradine). finally, after eight years, terangi succeeds in getting out, but at a terrible price: he unintentionally kills a guard. he steals a canoe and returns to manakoora after an arduous journey. at the end, he is rescued from his overturned canoe by father paul, who promises to remain silent. he is reunited with marama and a daughter (kuulei de clercq) he has never seen before. chief mehevi recommends the family hide on a tabu island, where no one will look for them. however, de laage discovers their preparations and commandeers the schooner to hunt them down. terangi turns back to warn his people after he sees birds fleeing the island, an unprecedented, ominous event that marama had dreamed about many years before. a once-in-a-lifetime hurricane strikes the island. a few, among them dr. kersaint and his pregnant patient, weather the disaster in a canoe, while terangi ties his family and madame de laage to a stout tree. the rest drown, and the island is stripped bare. the tree floats away. terangi later finds a war canoe in the water, which he uses to get his party to a small island. when they spot the schooner, terangi signals it with smoke before fleeing in the canoe with his family. governor de laage embraces his wife, but then spots something far away through his binoculars. madame de laage insists it must be a floating log; suspecting tarangi saved his wife, after a pause, he agrees with her.
corpus document1236
i cover the war
two newsreel cameramen (john wayne, don barclay) are sent to photograph a bandit sheik in the desert.
corpus document1237
idol of the crowds
the new york panthers ice hockey team is struggling in the standings. a scouting team headed by kelly (hopton) heads to maine where they've heard of a promising former amateur player. he turns out to be john hanson (wayne), now a chicken farmer. hanson does not wish to return to the game, but when he learns how much money he can make, he agrees solely so he can make enough to upgrade his farm. his skills make him an instant sensation, but as the team heads toward the championship series, he runs afoul of crooked gamblers and the beautiful woman (bromley) they tempt him with.
corpus document1238
in old chicago
the o'leary family are traveling to chicago to start a new life when patrick o'leary tries to race a steam train in his wagon. he is killed when his horses bolt. his wife molly and their three boys are left to survive on their own. in town she agrees to prove her skills as a laundress when a woman's dress is accidentally spattered with mud. she quickly proves herself and builds up a laundry business in an area known as "the patch". her sons are educated. one, jack, becomes a reforming lawyer, but another, dion, is involved in gambling. while washing a sheet, mrs o'leary discovers a drawing, apparently created by gil warren, a devious local businessman. her sons realize that it reveals that he has a plan to run a tramline along a street that he and his cronies intend to buy up cheaply. dion becomes enamored with a feisty saloon-bar singer, belle, who works for warren. after a stormy courtship they become lovers. meanwhile, bob, the youngest o'leary son, who helps his mother, is in love with gretchen, an innocent german girl. they meet in the barn watched by the o'leary's cow daisy and plan to marry. mrs o'leary approves of the match, but expresses disdain for the loose-living belle. dion and belle bribe the local politicians to set up a saloon on the street where the tramline will pass. dion makes a deal to support warren's political career and carve up business in the town. however, dion's dishonest practices lead to conflict with his brother jack when one of dion's cronies is arrested for multiple voting. dion later decides to support his brother rather than warren in the election, convinced he can cut out warren altogether and reign-in jack's reformist zeal. he is increasingly attracted by the daughter of the corrupt local senator, leading to conflicts with belle. bob and gretchen marry and have a baby. at a warren election rally a fight breaks out, arranged by dion. all warren's election workers are arrested. jack is elected mayor. he soon announces a campaign against corruption, targeting his brother's fiefdom in the patch, which he intends to demolish. belle and dion separate when jack asks her to support him. when he realizes belle might testify against him, dion asks her to marry him, making her testimony inadmissible. as mayor, jack marries the couple, but knocks dion out in a fist fight as soon he realizes he has been deceived. mrs o'leary is told about the fight while helping daisy's calf to suckle. in her distress, she leaves a lamp in the barn, and daisy knocks it over. a fire breaks out. soon the whole of the patch is on fire. dion, warren and their cronies are convinced that jack has set the fire. warren's men look for jack, seeking revenge. advised by philip sheridan, jack plans to create a firebreak by dynamiting buildings to stop the fire reaching the gasworks, but warren's gang try to stop him. when dion learns from bob how the fire really started, he rushes to jack's aid. in the struggle jack and dion fight off the gang and set off the dynamite, but jack is shot by one of warren's thugs and then killed by a falling building. warren attempts to flee but is trampled to death by stampeding cattle from the stockyards. dion and bob help to save gretchen and the baby, while belle rescues mrs o'leary. they all manage to escape to the river. belle and dion are reconciled, while mrs o'leary predicts that the city will be rebuilt and flourish after her son's sacrifice for its future.
corpus document1239
it's love i'm after
basil underwood and joyce arden are an egotistical acting team known for their romantic scenes on stage and fiery temperaments off. although they deeply love each other, their frequent spats over the years have kept them from tying the knot. comic complications ensue when basil postpones their latest marriage plans in order to attempt to diminish the ardor of star-struck heiress marcia west at the request of her fiancé henry grant. when basil's boorish behavior fails to bother marcia, who is all-too-willing to submit to his charms, he begins to capitalize on her infatuation with him, much to joyce's dismay. the screenplay allows leslie howard to draw on his classical background by having his character quote lines from macbeth, hamlet, the taming of the shrew, and romeo and juliet.
corpus document1240
jungle menace
in the asian province of seemang where the bay of bengal meets the jungle, chandler elliott (john st. polis) owns a large and prosperous rubber plantation. his attractive daughter, dorothy (charlotte henry), is engaged to neighboring planter tom banning (william bakewell) but troubles are brewing for both plantations. when a cargo-load of rubber is shipped on a riverboat to be taken to port, the boat is hi-jacked by river pirates, who the kill the crew and the shipment is stolen. jim murphy (leroy mason), elliott's plantation manager, is plotting with others to force elliott to sell his plantation. local explorer frank hardy (frank buck) determines to find out who is behind the plot.
corpus document1241
kid galahad
in florida, boxing promoter nick donati (edward g. robinson) gets doublecrossed by his boxer, who throws a fight for a $25,000 bribe from gangster turkey morgan (humphrey bogart). nick and his girlfriend "fluff" (bette davis) decide to throw a wild, days-long party with the money they have left, before looking for a new boxing prospect. nick orders naive young farmer turned hotel bellhop ward guisenberry (wayne morris) to mix some drinks, but he does not know how, as he does not drink. fluff kindly helps him out. when morgan, underling buzz barret (ben welden), and chuck mcgraw (william haade), his fighter and new heavyweight champion, arrive uninvited, ward does not like it when the somewhat drunk mcgraw pushes fluff, so he punches him, knocking him to the ground. nick is impressed, and persuades him to try boxing. for his first bout, ward is up against mcgraw's experienced brother. much to everyone's surprise, he wins by knockout. to protect him from morgan's wrath, nick sends him, fluff and ringside assistant silver jackson (harry carey) to new york city by train. however, morgan is waiting outside their usual hotel. he tries to get ward to sign with him, but ward knocks him down, insisting he will only sign with nick. desperate, fluff decides to hide the handsome young man at nick's mother's farm. there he meets nick's sister, marie (jane bryan), fresh from a convent education. they clash. when nick finds out, he is furious. he does not want his family to have anything to do with boxing. he takes ward back to the city. ward, rechristened "kid galahad", wins a string of fights by knockout. he tells fluff that his goal is to earn enough to buy a farm. fluff falls for him, and is crushed when he confides to her that he is in love with marie. she hides her disappointment, and with her encouragement, he drives up to tell marie. it turns out that she is just as much in love with him. fluff leaves nick, confessing to him that she loves ward and cannot bear to be around the young man. she gets a job singing in a nightclub. in ward's next fight, nick orders him to just box and win on points, as knocking his opponent out would build public pressure to fight the champ too soon; nick wants more time to train his fighter. however, morgan tells his foe what to say to infuriate ward. as a result, ward wins by knockout. marie sees the fight; afterward they go out on the town. when she asks to see fluff, ward takes her to the nightclub. by coincidence, mcgraw is in a private room there, drunk and with a couple of girls. when morgan shows up to get him, mcgraw spots ward and pushes him to the floor. the two are separated, but ward offers to fight within the month. newspaper photographers take pictures of ward with both marie and fluff. as a result, nick finally learns that ward has been seeing his sister. infuriated, nick secretly turns on his boxer, agreeing to a title bout. he orders ward to come out slugging, knowing it is a losing strategy. when morgan discovers that nick has placed substantial bets against his own fighter, he visits nick. he learns that nick wants to get back at ward, and decides to bet $150,000 himself. during the bout, ward faithfully follows nick's orders and is knocked down repeatedly by mcgraw. fluff and marie attend the fight together. when fluff realizes what nick is doing, she and marie plead with him to stop. nick finally comes to his senses and changes tactics. in the end, ward knocks mcgraw out and becomes world heavyweight champion. after the fight, an armed morgan arranges to be alone in the changing room with nick, ward and silver. nick is prepared though, and also has a gun. they exchange shots, fatal on both sides. before he dies, nick gives his blessing to ward and marie.
corpus document1242
the last gangster
during prohibition, gangland kingpin joe krozac (edward g. robinson) returns from europe with a new wife, talya (rose stradner), who is unaware of his criminal background. the kile brothers have muscled in on his territory in his absence, so he orders their assassinations. three are killed, but "acey" kile (alan baxter) survives. soon after, talya soon becomes pregnant, much to krozac's delight. however, krozac is sent to alcatraz federal penitentiary for ten years for income tax evasion before their son is born. after talya visits her husband with their child, reporter paul north (james stewart) plays a dirty trick on her, putting a gun in the baby's hands for a photograph. when talya goes to his newspaper to plead to be left alone, his editor refuses to do so, but paul is so ashamed of himself, he quits his job and strikes up a relationship with talya. she gets a divorce and marries paul. they move away and change their names to start a new life. when krozac is released from prison, he is determined to take his son, now named paul jr., and punish his former wife. however, his old assistant, curly (lionel stander), persuades him to take charge of his old gang first. it turns out to be a trap. curly and the others only want to learn where krozac hid his money before going to jail. when krozac resists their torture, the gang kidnaps his son to apply pressure. krozac gives in. the gang drive off with the loot (only to be killed by the police), leaving krozac and his son on foot. he is unable to convince the boy that he is his father, but they get along all right on the journey home. after the boy is reunited with his parents, krozac has a change of heart and leaves without his son. however, acey kile is waiting for him. acey taunts krozac at gunpoint, saying he is going to tell the newspapers who the boy's father really is after he guns down krozac. to stop that, krozac rushes him and manages to kill acey before dying.
corpus document1243
the league of frightened men
professor hibbard (leonard mudie) requests detective nero wolfe's assistance in tracking down the sender of a few sinister letters, which killed two of hibbard's acquaintances. prominent author paul chapin (eduardo ciannelli), who is a cripple, is pinpointed by wolfe as the culprit. wolfe rationally deduces that chapin is out to play payback — decades ago, a prank then-harvard university scholar hibbard and a group of chums played on chapin went awry, causing him to be in his current state. hibbard shares with wolfe that his daughter (irene hervey) is romantically involved with chapin's elder brother, mark (joseph allen). with that, he quietly makes a move. wolfe arranges for all of hibbard's surviving harvard pals to gather at his residence. all agree to, except for taxi driver pitney scott (victor kilian). wolfe later learns that the two friends of hibbard's were experiencing financial difficulties. meanwhile, wolfe's partner archie goodwin (lionel stander) is sent to guard chapin's house. chapin is also invited to join the meeting at wolfe's house. just as he arrives, dr. burton (kenneth hunter) is shot by a hidden assailant. wolfe, seeing the direction the shot came from, vouches for chapin's innocence. some time later, both goodwin and wolfe are captured by mark, who despises them for initially accusing chapin of the wrongdoing. they manage to break free and inspector cramer (edward mcnamara) promptly arrests mark for unlawful kidnapping. wolfe suddenly cracks the case, after much thought into it. he concludes that chapin had indeed sent those letters, but they were just meant to frighten the receivers. instead, the actual murderer of the men is found to be one of hibbard's friends, banker ferdinand bowen (walter kingsford). bowen was the one who told wolfe about the two men being in debt. in actuality, bowen had stolen their money and made up the tale himself, as a spot-check on the men's backgrounds showed.
corpus document1244
life begins in college
the action takes place at lombardy college, founded "to give the indian nations of north america access to higher education". little black cloud (nat pendleton) enrolls as "george black". after being the subject of a hazing prank by football star bob hayner (dick baldwin), george decides he is too humiliated to stay at school. he first stops to get his ripped pants repaired and meets the ritz brothers who convince him to stay. tim o'hara (fred stone), the football coach, is being pressured to resign because of his age. janet (gloria stuart), the coach's daughter, is bob's love interest. bob is on the committee trying to force out coach o'hara, but he likes the coach's daughter janet. he tries to gain janet's approval by helping her father, but fails at both. janet, meanwhile, helps george escape from inez (joan davis, a love-struck student. then george wishes to return the favor by helping the coach. george is actually rich, but does not want anyone to know in case they only like him for his money. the ritz brothers offer to pretend it is their money. after spending a good deal on themselves, the brothers donate $50,000 to the college with two conditions: o'hara must remain as coach, and they must be allowed to play for the football team. after a scuffle between them on the practice field, bob is replaced by george as quarterback. a winning streak for lombardy ensues, no thanks to the ritz brothers, who score for the other side whenever they play. inez continues to pursue george, and janet's feelings towards bob soften. bob, however, is being pursued by his former girlfriend, cuddles (joan marsh). it turns out that george's participation on a company football team makes him a professional and therefore ineligible for the college team. this information is used by cuddles to blackmail bob into dating her. when she sees bob with janet, she makes good on her threat of exposing george right before the "big game". since george cannot play, bob must take over as quarterback. bob scores a touchdown but breaks his collarbone while the other team is still ahead. the ritz brothers sneak onto the field and nearly destroy lombardy's chances with their antics. at the last second harry ritz scores an unlikely touchdown to win the game.
corpus document1245
the life of émile zola
set in the mid through late 19th century, it depicts zola's friendship with post-impressionist painter paul cézanne, and his rise to fame through his prolific writing, with particular focus on his involvement late in life in the dreyfus affair. struggling writer émile zola (paul muni) shares a drafty paris attic with his friend, painter paul cézanne (vladimir sokoloff). a chance encounter with a street prostitute (erin o'brien-moore) hiding from a police raid inspires his first bestseller, nana, an exposé of the steamy underside of parisian life. other successful books follow. zola becomes rich and famous; he marries alexandrine (gloria holden) and settles down to a comfortable life in his mansion. one day, his old friend cézanne, still poor and unknown, visits him before leaving the city, and tells zola that with his success he has become complacent, a far cry from the zealous reformer of his youth. meanwhile, a french secret agent steals a letter addressed to a military officer in the german embassy. the letter confirms there is a spy within the top french army staff. with little thought, the army commanders decide that jewish captain alfred dreyfus (joseph schildkraut) is the traitor, is courtmartialed and imprisoned on devil's island in then french guiana. later, colonel picquart (henry o'neill), the new chief of intelligence, discovers evidence implicating the spy as major walsin-esterhazy (robert barrat), but he is ordered by his superiors to remain silent to avert official embarrassment and is quickly reassigned to a distant post. years go by. finally, dreyfus's loyal wife lucie (gale sondergaard) pleads with zola to take up her husband's cause. zola is reluctant to give up a comfortable life, but she brings forth new evidence to pique his curiosity. a letter is published in the newspaper accusing the army of covering up the monstrous injustice. zola barely escapes from an angry mob incited by military agents provocateurs. as expected, zola is brought up for libel. his attorney, maitre labori (donald crisp) does his best against the presiding judge's refusal to bring up the dreyfus affair and the perjury committed by all the military witnesses, except for picquart. zola, found guilty and sentenced to a year in prison, reluctantly accepts his friends' advice to avoid risk becoming a martyr and instead flee to england, to continue the campaign on behalf of dreyfus. a new administration finally admits that dreyfus is innocent; those responsible for the coverup are dismissed or commit suicide, although walsin-esterhazy flees the country in disgrace. zola dies of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning due to a faulty stove the night before the public ceremony in which dreyfus is exonerated.
corpus document1246
the life of the party
on her way to santa barbara, california, aspiring singer mitzi mantos loses a shoe. a young man named barry finds it and tries to meet her, while mitzi and her agent pauline try to get her an audition with dr. molnac for his traveling musical revue. misunderstandings abound as mitzi and barry pretend to be married. mitzi is actually the daughter of a countess, while barry will lose a $3 million inheritance if he marries before the age of 30. their cronies kidnap molnac's ran singer, susan, and, taking her place, mitzi is a hit.
corpus document1247
lost horizon
it is 1935. before returning to england to become the new foreign secretary, writer, soldier, and diplomat robert conway (ronald colman) has one last task in china: to rescue 90 white westerners in the city of baskul. he flies out with the last few evacuees, just ahead of armed revolutionaries. unbeknownst to the passengers, the pilot has been replaced and their aircraft hijacked. it eventually runs out of fuel and crashes deep in the himalayan mountains, killing their abductor. the group is rescued by chang (h.b. warner) and his men and taken to shangri-la, an idyllic valley sheltered from the bitter cold. the contented inhabitants are led by the mysterious high lama (sam jaffe). initially anxious to return to civilization, most of the newcomers grow to love shangri-la, including paleontologist alexander lovett (edward everett horton), swindler henry barnard (thomas mitchell), and bitter, terminally-ill gloria stone (isabel jewell), who miraculously seems to be recovering. conway is particularly enchanted, especially when he meets sondra (jane wyatt), who has grown up in shangri-la. however, conway's younger brother george (john howard), and maria (margo), another beautiful young woman they find there, are determined to leave. conway eventually has an audience with the high lama and learns that his arrival was no accident. the founder of shangri-la is said to be two hundred years old, preserved, like the other residents, by the magical properties of the paradise he has created, but is finally dying and needs someone wise and knowledgeable in the ways of the modern world to keep it safe. having read conway's writings, sondra believed he was the one; the lama had agreed with her and arranged for conway's abduction. the old man names conway as his successor and then peacefully passes away. george refuses to believe the lama's fantastic story and is supported by maria. uncertain and torn between love and loyalty, conway reluctantly gives in to his brother and they leave, taking maria with them, despite being warned that she is much older than she appears. after several days of grueling travel, she becomes exhausted and falls face down in the snow. when they turn maria over, they discover that she had become extremely old and died, as her departure from shangri-la had restored her to her true age. horrified, george loses his sanity and jumps to his death. the sherpa porters accompanying them were earlier swept away by an avalanche, triggered by some of them carelessly firing their handguns. conway continues on and eventually ends up in a chinese mission where a search party is sent to find him. the ordeal has caused him to lose his memory of shangri-la. on the voyage back to england, he start remembering everything; he tells his story and then jumps ship. the searchers track him back to the himalayas, but are unable to follow him any further. conway manages to return to shangri-la.
corpus document1248
love is on the air
reckless radio commentator andy mccaine (ronald reagan) gets into trouble when he attacks a corrupt city government, and his boss forces him to host an innocuous kiddie program.
corpus document1249
love under fire
during the spanish civil war, a detective from scotland yard falls in love with a woman he had believed to be a jewel thief.
corpus document1250
madame x
a woman who cheated on her loving husband is thrown out of her home by said husband. twenty years later, she finds herself accused of murder for saving her son, who does not know who she is as he was raised without her. he finds himself defending her without knowing her background.
corpus document1251
maid of salem
it tells the story of a young girl in salem, massachusetts, 1692, who has an affair with an adventurer. she is sentenced as a witch, but saved by him.
corpus document1252
make way for tomorrow
barkley "bark" (victor moore) and lucy cooper (beulah bondi) are an elderly couple who lose their home to foreclosure, as barkley has been unable to find employment because of his age. they summon four of their five children—the fifth lives thousands of miles away in california—to break the news and decide where they will live until they can get back on their feet. only one of the children, nell (minna gombell), has enough space for both, but she asks for three months to talk her husband into the idea. in the meantime, the temporary solution is for the parents to split up and each live with a different child. the two burdened families soon come to find their parents' presence bothersome. nell's efforts to talk her husband into helping are half-hearted and achieve no success, and she reneges on her promise to eventually take them. while barkley continues looking for work to allow him and his wife to live independently again, it is obvious that he has little or no prospect of success. when lucy continues to speak optimistically of the day that he will find work, her teenage granddaughter bluntly advises her to "face facts" that it will never happen because of his age. lucy's sad reply is to say that "facing facts" is easy for a carefree 17-year-old girl, but that at lucy's age, the only fun left is "pretending that there ain't any facts to face ... so would you mind if i just kind of went on pretending?" with no end in sight to the uncomfortable living situations, both host families look for a way to get the parent they are hosting out of their house. when barkley catches a cold, his daughter cora (elisabeth risdon) seizes upon it as a pretext to assert that his health demands a milder climate, thus necessitating that he move to california to live with his daughter addie. meanwhile, son george (thomas mitchell) and his wife anita (fay bainter) begin planning to move lucy into a retirement home. lucy accidentally finds about their plans, but rather than force george into the awkward position of breaking the news to her, she goes to him first and claims that she wants to move into the home. meanwhile barkley resigns himself to his fate of having to move thousands of miles away, though he too is entirely aware of his daughter's true motivation. on the day barkley is to depart by train, he and lucy make plans to go out and spend one last afternoon together before having a farewell dinner with the four children. they have a fantastic time strolling around the city and reminiscing about their happy years together, even visiting the same hotel in which they had stayed on their honeymoon 50 years prior. their day is made so pleasant partly because of the kindness of people they encounter, who, although strangers, seem to find them a charming couple, to genuinely enjoy their company, and to treat them with deference and respect---in stark contrast to the treatment the two are receiving from their children. eventually barkley and lucy decide to continue their wonderful day by skipping the farewell dinner and dining at the hotel instead; when barkley informs their daughter with a blunt phone call, it prompts introspection among the four children. son robert (ray meyer) suggests that each of the children has always known that collectively they are "probably the most good-for-nothing bunch of kids that were ever raised, but it didn't bother us much until we found out that pop knew it too." george notes that it is now so late in the evening that they won't even have time to meet their parents at the train station to send off their father. he says that he deliberately let the time pass until it was too late because he figured their parents would prefer to be alone. nell objects that if they don't go to the station, their parents "will think we're terrible," to which george matter-of-factly replies, "aren't we?" at the train station, lucy and barkley say their farewells to one another. on the surface, their conversation echoes lucy's comments to her granddaughter about preferring to pretend, rather than facing facts. barkley tells lucy that he will find a job in california and quickly send for her; lucy replies that she is sure he will do so. they then offer each other a truly final goodbye, saying that they are doing so "just in case" they do not see each other again because "anything could happen." each makes a heartfelt statement reaffirming their lifelong love, in what seems an unspoken acknowledgment that it is almost certainly their final moment together. barkley boards the train, and lucy and he acknowledge each other and wave through the closed window as the train pulls away. the film ends with a somber lucy turning from the scene. a let me call you sweetheart instrumental plays into the credits.
corpus document1253
the man who found himself
young doctor, jim stanton (john beal) has two passionate interests in conflict with each other. he is first a conscientious surgeon, but in his spare time, pursues his love of flying, a dangerous hobby that his well-intentioned father abhors. his father is a well-regarded doctor who does his best to curtail his son's flying. when jim flies a married woman on a flight that ends in disaster with his passenger killed, the resulting scandal prompts the hospital to put jim on probation. believing that he is innocent and wronged, jim becomes a hobo and is arrested for vagrancy and put to work on a road crew in los angeles. when he runs into an old pal, dick miller (philip huston), he is persuaded to take a job as a mechanic for roberts aviation. on an emergency flight that turns out to be less than routine, nurse doris king (joan fontaine) becomes suspicious of the new employee who not only can handle the controls of an aircraft, but also knows what to do in a medical emergency. doris finds out the truth about jim from an inquisitive newspaper reporter, "nosey" watson (jimmy conlin). although trying to maintain his anonymity, jim accepts a position as a pilot and finally at the scene of a train crash, his secret life is fully revealed on board the special "aerial ambulance" aircraft, when doris and jim are able to assist jim's father in saving the lives of crash victims.
corpus document1254
mannequin
jessie cassidy yearns to escape the squalor of her family's lower east side apartment. hoping to move up in life, she convinces her boyfriend, eddie miller, to marry her. at their wedding reception self-made shipping tycoon john l. hennessey sees the couple and buys them a bottle of champagne. eddie tries to impress john, but jessie impresses him more. eddie takes jessie to a nice apartment, then tells her that she can give up her job as a shopgirl to work in the chorus of a broadway show, just until he gets a break. several months later, jessie is still in love, despite her friend beryl lee's warnings that eddie is good-for-nothing. hennessey throws a party for the cast of the broadway show and eddie convinces the reluctant jessie to go. hennessey, who has been giving parties only on the pretext of seeing jessie, makes a pass at her, which she rebukes with a slap. even more enamoured with her after this, he doesn't hesitate to loan her a hundred dollars after she and eddie are kicked out of their apartment. as it turns out, the apartment belonged to other people and eddie is arrested for bookmaking. eddie, aware of hennessey's love for jessie, suggests that she divorce him, marry hennessey, then divorce hennessey for a large settlement. finally seeing what kind of man eddie is, jessie leaves him. some months later, she returns the money to hennessey and they start to see each other. she promises to marry him, even though he knows she doesn't love him. they later plan a european trip. eddie goes to jessie and warns her to carry through his idea, but when hennessey arrives, he throws eddie out, even though he does not know the real purpose of his visit. after they marry, jessie realizes that she loves hennessey and is completely happy in their honeymoon cottage in ireland. they soon receive a cablegram from hennessey's assistant briggs, advising them that labor unrest necessitates their return to the united states. while hennessey goes to his men, hoping that they will stop their strike and save their company, jessie confronts eddie. he tries to blackmail her, but she says that she will leave hennessey and flee before seeing him hurt. just before she is about to leave him, however, hennessey comes home and jessie lies that she never loved him. eddie then walks in and announces that hennessey is now broke and "in the gutter" just like him. he also tells hennessey about the plan for jessie to marry and divorce him for money. eddie then leaves and hennessey refuses to listen to jessie's word that she loves him. later, however, she convinces him that she will stay by his side no matter what and that the money from the sale of her jewels will give them a new start.
corpus document1255
marked woman
mary dwight stauber (bette davis), a nightclub hostess who works for the notorious gangster johnny vanning (eduardo ciannelli) briefly meets and befriends a young man (damian o'flynn) who confides in her that he does not have the money to repay the gambling debt he has accrued during the night. he feels that it's a game, but mary warns him that he is in real danger. she is shocked, but not surprised to learn soon after that he has been murdered, by vanning's henchman charlie delaney (ben welden). questioned by prosecutor david graham (humphrey bogart), mary and the other women refuse to implicate vanning. they fear his retribution, and while privately detesting him are powerless to free themselves from his influence. mary's younger sister betty (jane bryan) comes to visit, and unaware of the dangerous situation she has entered, behaves recklessly against the advice of her older sister. when she is killed, mary agrees to testify against the gangster. beaten by his thugs, scarred and disfigured, she becomes the "marked woman" of the film's title, but rather than silencing her, it strengthens her resolve to testify. aware that they can only be free of the gangster if they find the strength to stand against him, the other women agree to testify also.
corpus document1256
married before breakfast
after years of struggling, inventor tom wakefield sells his hair-removal invention for a quarter of a million dollars. he immediately goes on a spending spree, doing good deeds for friends and strangers alike, worrying june baylin, his fiancee. kitty brent helps him with some steamship tickets, so tom wants to do something nice in return. kitty says her marriage to fiance kenneth is on hold until he can sell an insurance policy to a milkman named baglipp. an overly optimistic tom assures her she'll be married by the next morning. his schemes to make baglipp take the policy ends up getting tom and kitty into all kinds of trouble, including involvement with a robbery. by morning, both their sweethearts are exasperated. june breaks off her engagement with tom, who realizes that overnight he's fallen for kitty. as soon as she begins feeling the same way, tom assures her that she might end up married this very day.
corpus document1257
marry the girl
ollie radway (mary boland) is a daffy dowager who, with equally eccentric brother john (hugh herbert), runs a thriving newspaper. after firing the managing editor for failing to keep her niece virginia (carol hughes) out of the newspaper business, she hands the job to david partridge (frank mchugh), a minor employee with a crush on the girl. in short order, partridge is assigned to keep virginia away from fortune-hunting editorial artist dimitri kyeff (mischa auer).[2]
corpus document1258
maytime
at a small town may day celebration, elderly miss morrison (jeanette macdonald) tries to console her young friend kip (tom brown), whose sweetheart barbara (lynne carver) has been offered a job on the operatic stage. later, barbara goes for comfort to miss morrison, who reveals that years ago she was the internationally famous opera diva marcia mornay. miss morrison then relates her story: marcia, a young american singer in paris, is guided to success by famed but stern voice teacher nicolai nazaroff (john barrymore), who introduces her at the court of louis napoleon. that night, nicolai proposes to marcia and she accepts, even though they both know that she is not in love with him. later, feeling restless, marcia takes a ride, and is stranded in the latin quarter when her driver's horse runs away. in a tavern, she meets american student paul allison (nelson eddy), who is also a singer, but not as ambitious as marcia. though they are attracted to each other, she at first refuses to see him again out of loyalty to nicolai, but soon promises to lunch with him the next day. they enjoy their lunch together, but marcia again says that they can no longer see each other and leaves. paul then steals tickets to see her perform in the opera les huguenots that evening, and after he is thrown out of his seat by the manager, he goes to her dressing room and only leaves when she promises to join him at st. cloud for a may day celebration. during the celebration, paul tells her he loves her, but she says that she owes nicolai too much and could never break a promise to him. they then part after vowing always to remember their day together. seven years later, marcia, who has married nicolai, has become the toast of the operatic world, but upon her triumphant return to america, she realizes that her life is hollow. though faithful and devoted to nicolai, her lack of passion for him has made them both unhappy. in new york, nicolai arranges for marcia to sing 'czaritza' (a fictional opera with music from tchaikovsky's symphony number 5), co-starring with paul, who has become a baritone of some note. nicolai does not realize that she is still in love with paul. at rehearsal, they act at first as if they have never met before, but nicolai begins to suspect the truth when archipenco (herman bing), paul's singing teacher, talks about meeting marcia in paris many years before. nicolai then recognizes paul as the young man who left marcia's dressing room after the performance of les huguenots . on a brilliant opening night, nicolai becomes jealous over the obvious emotion in paul and marcia's onstage love scenes, but doesn't know that they plan to run away together. later, at their hotel, when nicolai questions marcia, she asks for her freedom, which he promises to give. marcia soon discovers, however, that nicolai has gone after paul with a gun. at paul's apartment, nicolai shoots him just as marcia arrives. paul then dies in her arms, telling her that memories of their may day together did last him all his life. it is presumed that nicolai will be arrested for paul's killing. at the conclusion of her story, miss morrison helps barbara realize that she and kip belong together. as she watches the young lovers embrace, miss morrison quietly dies. her spirit is finally united with her own sweetheart in death.
corpus document1259
midnight court
victor shanley (litel) is a washed-up former district attorney who is arrested during a police raid on skid row. while being arraigned in night court, he encounters his estranged ex-wife, carol o'neil (dvorak), who is working as a court reporter. after giving a deranged speech about the corrupt criminal justice system, shanley passes out. carol then takes him home and cleans him up, where he declares that since being on the right side of the law never did him any good, he plans to work as a defense lawyer for criminal boss al kruger and his ring of auto thieves. despite his ongoing success defending kruger and his gang, shanley still feels compelled to do good deeds, mostly influenced by carol's kind nature. in an effort to help bob terrill, a young man caught up in kruger's auto-theft gang, shanley offers to pay for his school tuition so he can study aeronautical engineering and end his life of crime. against shanley's warnings, bob decides to tell kruger that he's leaving, who then arranges to have him killed. when carol learns of bob's death, she becomes hysterical and convinces shanley that he is responsible. he then decides to "go straight" again and becomes special prosecutor for the state against kruger and his gang, and by doing so, earns the love and respect of carol.[1][3]
corpus document1260
a million to one
after his father wins the olympic decathlon but is disqualified for being judged a paid professional athlete rather than an amateur, johnny kent becomes a rising star in the athletic world himself. william stevens, the runner-up who received the gold medal after john kent was stripped of it, has a daughter, joan, who begins seeing young johnny socially while he trains. the distraction she causes, combined with a rivalry with duke hale in competition both in sports and for the girl, complicates matters as johnny's quest continues.
corpus document1261
mr. dodd takes the air
a small town electrician becomes a hit singer in new york. when he was asked to sing for a local radio program. where he gets involved with a gold digger, a thief, an opera singer and the woman he loves. after suffering from bronchitis he uses another voice to still be on the air but then everyone calls him a fake.
corpus document1262
murder in greenwich village
when she is falsely accused of murder, an heiress ropes in a photographer to provide her with an alibi.
corpus document1263
night club scandal
after murdering his unfaithful wife in their apartment, dr. ernest tindal leaves and her lover, frank, discovers the body. frank panics and flees, leaving his fingerprints. he is arrested, convicted and condemned to die. a newspaper reporter, kirk, and a police captain, mckinley, continue to investigate, particularly after kirk becomes attracted to vera, the victim's sister. they successfully prove how frank was falsely accused while tindal conspires with gangsters jack and julia reed, still hoping to get away with the crime. tindal ends up shooting jack but is taken into custody by mckinley.
corpus document1264
night key
the inventor of a burglar alarm (karloff) attempts to get back at the man who stole the profits to his invention (hinds) before he goes blind. the device is then subverted by gangsters (baxter, et al.) who apply pressure to the inventor and use his device to facilitate burglaries.
corpus document1265
night must fall
mrs. bramson (dame may whitty) is an irascible elderly woman who holds court in a small english village. she pretends to need a wheelchair, and impulsively threatens to fire her maid, dora (merle tottenham), for allegedly stealing and breaking china. meanwhile, the household learns that the police have searched a nearby river looking for the missing villager, mrs. shellbrook. dora then introduces her irish boyfriend, danny (robert montgomery), who works for mrs. shellbrook. perceiving that mrs. bramson is a hypochondriac who only affects her need for a wheelchair, danny is charming toward her and says that she reminds him of his mother. he tells mrs. bramson that he loves dora and would marry her if he had a better job. mrs. bramson obliges and he becomes her servant. mrs. bramson's niece and companion, olivia grayne (rosalind russell), is suspicious of danny, but mrs. bramson dismisses her concerns. when mrs. bramson's attorney, justin laurie (alan marshal), arrives to give his client money, he warns her not to keep so much cash in her possession; but she dismisses his concerns, as well. meanwhile, justin, who is in love with olivia, asks her to marry him, but she refuses because their relationship lacks any true romance. justin leaves feeling dejected, and danny sees mrs. bramson putting the cash into her safe. olivia's concerns are heightened when she catches danny lying to mrs. bramson about a shawl that allegedly belonged to his mother, noticing that the price tag is still on the shawl. still, olivia cannot help being attracted to danny. dora discovers mrs. shellbrook's decapitated body in the forest. though olivia accuses danny of the murder, he denies it. again, mrs. bramson dismisses her niece's concerns because she has grown very fond of danny. the rest of the household does not feel comfortable being in the house while a killer is at large, but mrs. bramson feels safe enough to stay with danny. later that night, mrs. bramson hears noises and becomes frightened. when she screams for danny, he comes in and calms her down by giving her something to drink and lulling her to sleep. danny then suffocates her to death and empties the safe. olivia arrives unexpectedly and admits to danny that she was attracted to him in the past, but no longer. he references his poor childhood and being looked down upon being a servant, and threatens to kill her, too, so that no one can incriminate him in mrs. bramson's murder. olivia said she understands if he kills her, but she wanted him to know that she is no longer drawn to him. but just then the police arrive, called by justin when he could not reach olivia by phone, and arrest danny. as he leaves, danny says, "i'll hang in the end, but they'll get their money's worth at the trial." finally, justin and olivia embrace.
corpus document1266
nobody's baby
in this comedy, billy raedeen (skeet ulrich) escapes the law after being convicted with his partner in crime buford bill (gary oldman). on his way to utah, billy rescues a baby from an auto wreck and decides to keep it though he knows next to nothing about caring for an infant. he gets help from diner waitress shauna louise (radha mitchell) and her neighbor estelle (mary steenburgen). when buford tracks billy down, he sees the baby as a monetary potential. however, billy and shauna louise have grown attached to the child and they aren't willing to give her up.
corpus document1267
nothing sacred
new york newspaper reporter wally cook (fredric march) is blamed for reporting a harlem bootblack ernest walker (troy brown) as an african nobleman hosting a charity event. cook claims he was unaware, but he is demoted to writing obituaries. he begs his boss oliver stone (walter connolly) for another chance, and points out a story about a woman, hazel flagg, dying of radium poisoning. cook is sent to the (fictional) town of warsaw, vermont, to interview flagg (carole lombard). cook finally locates hazel, who is crying both because her doctor has told her that she is not dying and because she realizes she might be stuck in vermont for her whole life. unaware of this, cook invites hazel and her doctor to new york as guests of the morning star newspaper. the newspaper uses her story to increase its circulation. she receives a ticker tape parade and the key to the city, and becomes an inspiration to many. she and wally fall in love, and he asks her to marry him even though he still thinks she's dying. after a medical exam by three independent doctors it is finally discovered that hazel is not really dying, and city officials and stone decide that it would be better to avoid embarrassment by having it seem that she went off to die, "like an elephant". hazel and wally get married and quietly set sail for the tropics.
corpus document1268
on again-off again
william hobbs and claude horton are the owners of the drug manufacturing company "horton and hobbs' pink pills". although the two couldn't have possibly started the business without each other, they continuously bicker over everything. eventually, the duo talk their lawyer, george dilwig, into coming up with a way to split the team up. annoyed by horton and hobbs constantly bothering him, dilwig sarcastically suggests the two get into a wrestling match. the winner gains full ownership of the company, while the loser becomes the winner's butler for one year.
corpus document1269
on the avenue
gary blake (dick powell) stars in a new show, on the avenue, with mona merrick (alice faye). the show contains a satire on the richest girl in the world, mimi carraway (madeleine carroll). mimi and her father (george barbier) are in the audience on opening night and they feel insulted. she goes backstage and tries to get gary to take the skit out of the show. he refuses and calls her a "bad sport". shocked by the remark, mimi decides to make a date with gary. they spend the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love. he finally agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the carraways. mona is in love with gary and is furious when she hears about gary's date with mimi. when the carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she changes it, without gary's knowledge, making it worse than before. the carraways decide to file suit against gary. to get back at him, mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show. word leaks out to the press and gary is now the laughingstock of new york. furious, he tears up his contract, refusing to work with mimi. soon, mimi becomes engaged to arctic explorer frederick sims (alan mowbray). on her wedding day, mona arrives and tells mimi that it was she, not gary, who changed the skit. she runs out on the wedding and is taken to city hall with gary to be married. the movie's action is interspersed with songs from the play, including berlin's songs "he ain't got rhythm," and "let's go slumming on park avenue."
corpus document1270
one hundred men and a girl
john cardwell (adolphe menjou), a trombone player, is only one of a large group of unemployed musicians. he tries unsuccessfully to gain an interview and audition with leopold stokowski, but not to disappoint his daughter, patricia (patsy) (deanna durbin), he tells her that he has managed to get the job with stokowski's orchestra. patsy soon learns the truth, and also learns that her father, desperate for rent money, has used some of the cash in a lady's evening bag he has found to pay his debts. the irrepressible and willful patsy seeks an interview with mrs. frost, whose bag it was, and admits her father's actions. mrs. frost (alice brady), a society matron and wife of rich radio station owner john r. frost (eugene pallette), lightheartedly offers to sponsor an orchestra of unemployed musicians. taking her at her word, patsy and her father recruit 100 musicians, rent a garage space and start to rehearse. realizing that patsy took her seriously, mrs frost flees to europe. mr. frost tells john and his friends that he will not sponsor them, as they had supposed, unless they can attract a well-recognized guest conductor to give them a 'name' and launch them on their opening night. patsy, undaunted, sets out to recruit none other than leopold stokowski to be that conductor. stokowski at first definitely refuses—though when patsy sings as the orchestra is rehearsing mozart's "alleluia" from exsultate, jubilate, he strongly suggests that she seek professional voice training and eventual representation. by mistake, patsy conveys the story to a newspaper music critic that stokowski will conduct an orchestra of unemployed musicians, and that john r. frost would broadcast the concert on the radio. when the story breaks, frost protests his embarrassment to his friends, but they suggest valuable publicity would result. frost immediately signs the one-hundred-man orchestra to a contract, though patsy tries to tell them that stokowski has not agreed. stokowski is astonished and offended at the news, but patsy enters stokowski's palatial house surreptitiously, along with the entire orchestra. she apologizes to him, and insists that he listen to the players. the conductor is so moved by their performance of liszt's hungarian rhapsody no. 2 that he postpones a european tour and agrees to the engagement. the concert is a rousing success for everyone, especially when patsy, called upon to make a speech, instead agrees to sing the "brindisi" (drinking song) from verdi's opera la traviata.
corpus document1271
one mile from heaven
while investigating a bogus murder story in a black neighborhood, a reporter, lucy "tex" warren ([claire trevor]) notices little girl named sunny who appears to be white. tex also encounters sunny's mother, flora jackson ([fredi washington]), a black seamstress. suspicious of the claim, tex and other reporters investigate, only to turn up evidence (photos and a hospital record) that support flora's claim. tex then encounters a prison convict who claims that sunny is the child of a deceased criminal cliff lucas, who took the baby from his wife, barbara ([sally blane]) when she attempted to leave him and then hired flora to take care of the child. after lucas was killed by police, flora did not want the baby to go to an orphanage, so she reared sunny as her own. barbara, on being informed that her daughter is still alive (cliff lucas had told her that the baby had drowned), applies to recover her child and, after seeing flora's strong attachment to sunny, asks flora to live with them as a nurse. meanwhile, the judge forbids tex to publish the story, feeling that the notoriety would negatively affect sunny.[4] according to the museum of modern art in 2013, one mile from heaven was "the last of the six claire trevor 'snappy' vehicles [allan] dwan made for fox in the 1930s tests the limits of free expression on race in hollywood while sometimes straining credulity."
corpus document1272
the outcasts of poker flat
a gunfighter and gambler, john oakhurst ends up caring for a baby girl whose mother dies in childbirth. he decides to call her "luck" and looks to new schoolmarm helen colby and the rev. sam woods to set a good example for the girl. luck grows up and poker flat grows into a boom town. one day while john and the reverend are quarreling about the bad element john and his partner the duchess permit in their gambling house, luck ends up playing cards with sonoma, a vicious outlaw. a furious john explodes at helen, feeling she was supposed to be keeping an eye on luck at the time. helen decides to leave town, but luck convinces her that john loves her. determined to change into a better man, john refuses to be goaded into a showdown by sonoma, at least until the duchess taunts him, whereupon he shoots dead sonoma and another man. a vigilante group orders john and the duchess out of town and helen goes along. their horses are stolen and, in the mountains in winter, the duchess freezes to death. helen nearly dies, but just as luck rides up to rescue her, they find that john, feeling guilt for what he's done, has taken his own life.
corpus document1273
over the goal
a wealthy alumnus of carlton college promises to leave his fortune to the school, but only if it can defeat football rival state three consecutive years. after two victories in a row, the alumnus dies. his descendants want his money for themselves, and therefore desperately want carlton to lose the big game. ken thomas is the star player for carlton, but he is injured and a doctor has cautioned him that he risks permanent damage to his health if he plays. ken has given his word to girlfriend lucille that he won't play, but after she releases him from that promise, the rich benefactor's relatives scheme to have ken accused of stealing a car and placed under arrest. campus friends come to his rescue just in time for ken to suit up for carlton and save the day.
corpus document1274
parnell
the life of irish politician and home rule activist, charles stewart parnell.
corpus document1275
the perfect specimen
gerald wicks, the heir to a large fortune, has never been outside the gates of his childhood estate. he goes on an adventure with newspaper reporter mona carter and they fall in love.
corpus document1276
the prince and the pauper
in tudor england, two boys are born on the same day in the most different circumstances imaginable. tom canty (billy mauch) is the son of vicious criminal john canty (barton maclane), while edward tudor (bobby mauch) is the prince of wales and the son of king henry viii of england (montagu love). one grows up in poverty, hungering for something better for himself and his family, the other in isolated luxury, with a strong curiosity about the outside world. they meet and are astounded by their striking resemblance to each other. as a prank, they exchange clothes, but the captain of the guard (alan hale, sr.) mistakes the prince for the pauper and throws him out of the palace grounds. tom is unable to convince anybody except for the earl of hertford (claude rains) of his identity. everyone else is convinced that he is mentally ill. when henry viii dies, hertford threatens to expose tom unless he does as he is told. hertford also blackmails the captain into searching for the real prince to eliminate the dangerous loose end. meanwhile, edward finds an amused, if disbelieving protector in miles hendon (errol flynn). an attempt to assassinate the boy on the instigation of the earl of hertford, who fears for his power if the real king lives, changes hendon's opinion of edward's story. with hendon's help, edward manages to re-enter the palace just in time to interrupt the coronation ceremony and prove his identity. edward becomes king edward vi while tom is made a ward of the new king, hertford is banished for life, and hendon is rewarded for his services.
corpus document1277
the prisoner of zenda
in june 1897, english gentleman rudolf rassendyll (ronald colman) takes a fishing vacation in a small country in the balkans (unnamed in the film; ruritania in the novel). while there, he is puzzled by the odd reactions of the natives to him. rassendyll discovers why when he meets colonel zapt (c. aubrey smith) and captain fritz von tarlenheim (david niven). zapt introduces him to the soon-to-be-crowned king, rudolf v (colman again), who turns out to be not only his distant relative, but also looks just like him (except for the englishman's beard). the king, astounded at first, takes a great liking to the englishman. they celebrate their acquaintance by drinking late into the night. rudolf is particularly delighted with the bottle of wine sent to him by his half-brother, duke michael (raymond massey), so much so that he drinks it all himself. the next morning brings a disastrous discovery: the wine was drugged. rudolf cannot be awakened, and if he cannot attend his coronation that day, michael will try to usurp the throne. it is revealed that michael is bitter that, because his mother was not of royal blood, the younger rudolf is the heir to the kingdom. zapt convinces a reluctant rassendyll to impersonate rudolf for the ceremony. rassendyll meets rudolf's betrothed, princess flavia (madeleine carroll). she had always detested her cousin rudolf, but now finds him greatly changed – very much for the better, in her opinion. as they spend time together, they fall in love. with the coronation accomplished, rassendyll returns to resume his real identity, only to find the king has been kidnapped by rupert of hentzau (douglas fairbanks jr.), michael's charmingly amoral henchman. rassendyll is forced to continue the impersonation while zapt searches for rudolf. fortunately, michael cannot denounce the masquerade without incriminating himself. help comes from an unexpected quarter. to be king, michael must marry his cousin flavia. antoinette de mauban (mary astor), michael's jealous french mistress, reveals that the king is being held in michael's castle near zenda and promises to help rescue him. since rudolf would be executed at the first sign of a rescue attempt, she proposes that one man swim the moat and hold off his would-be assassins while loyal troops storm the castle. rassendyll decides that he is that man, over zapt's strenuous objections. their carefully laid plans go awry when michael finds rupert trying to seduce his mistress. after rupert kills him, a heartbroken antoinette blurts out enough to alert rupert to his danger. rassendyll kills the two guards, but must fight a prolonged duel with rupert while at the same time trying to lower the drawbridge to let zapt and his men in. when he finally succeeds, rupert flees. rudolf is restored to his throne. rassendyll tries to persuade flavia to leave with him, but her devotion to duty is too great, and their parting is bittersweet.
corpus document1278
quality street
in 1805 england, eligible bachelors are scarce on quality street. twenty-year-old phoebe throssel (hepburn) becomes very hopeful when one of the few, dr. valentine brown (tone), tells her he has something important to say to her that day. both she and her older sister susan believe he will propose. however, he informs her that he has enlisted in the army to fight in the napoleonic wars. phoebe hides her devastation so well that dr. brown never suspects she is deeply in love with him. she gives up hope of ever marrying. by contrast, the throssels' servant patty, though she is a decade older and aware she is no beauty, is confident that she will get a man. for the next ten years, the throssels run a school for young boys and girls. then, with the wars over, brown returns as a captain. when he comes to invite the sisters to a ball, he is taken aback by how much phoebe's looks appear to have deteriorated. hurt by this, phoebe declines. to lift her spirits, phoebe sheds her drab everyday clothes and dresses up in a beautiful gown. when brown returns unexpectedly, patty thinks quickly and identifies her as phoebe's niece livy. taken in completely, brown invites her to the ball. she accepts, planning to make him eventually fall in love with her, then when he proposes, reject him. at the ball, she is quickly surrounded by admirers, much to brown's annoyance. in the days that follow, she flirts with all the men. finally, at a picnic, brown draws livy away to a gazebo when it starts to rain. to her shock, instead of asking for her hand in marriage, he merely lectures her on her behavior and reveals that he is in love with phoebe. the next day, the throssels have to fend off their neighbors, the willougbys, who suspect that livy and phoebe are one and the same, particularly elderly mary willoughby. when brown comes calling, the willoughbys mention their suspicions. he eventually corners patty and gets the truth from her. with the help of the sergeant who first recruited him, he puts clothes around a large seat cushion and puts "livy" in a carriage to return home, all in sight of the snooping neighbors. he tells the sergeant and patty to get rid of the niece and not to return until much later. the couple are delighted to spend time together. brown goes inside and embraces phoebe.
corpus document1279
racing lady
longtime thoroughbred breeder and trainer tom martin has a mare, pepper mary, he's about to enter in a big race. after the owner of another contender fails to bribe tom to lose on purpose, his jockey causes pepper mary to stumble and fall during the race, causing a career-ending injury to the horse. tom's disappointed daughter ruth concentrates all her efforts on pepper mary's filly, katydid, hoping she, too, can become an outstanding racehorse. steve wendel, an automobile mogul who has a stable of horses, buys the victorious horse after ruth enters her in a santa anita claiming race. to stay with her horse, ruth reluctantly accepts steve's offer to come work for him. they travel the racing circuit abroad, where ruth matures from a tomboy into a sophisticated young woman. she falls in love with steve, and after a misunderstanding over the disappearance of katydid before a race, they celebrate as their horse races to another triumph.
corpus document1280
riding on air
joe e. brown plays hapless newspaper writer, editor; amateur pilot, ham radio operator, and gadget crazy elmer lane, in 1930's rural america. in love with the beautiful betty, he does everything he can to buy the paper outright; so, he can win her. but, somehow something always comes out of the blue: gangsters, smugglers, murdered mobsters, rival newspaper reporters, con artists, police, new inventions, and small dogs, all get in the way. it's all "riding on air" how this fun, wild, ride, will land, or if the parachute will even open.
corpus document1281
the road back
the despair and disillusionment of four men who return to civilian life in germany after the first world war.
corpus document1282
rosalie
dick thorpe (nelson eddy) is a football star for the army, and rosalie (eleanor powell), a vassar student who is also a princess (princess rosalie of romanza) in disguise, watches a football game. they are attracted to each other and agree to meet in her country in europe. when dick flies into her country, he is greeted as a hero by the king (frank morgan) and finds rosalie is engaged to marry prince paul (tom rutherford), who actually is in love with brenda (ilona massey). dick, not knowing of prince paul's affections, leaves the country. the king and his family are forced to leave their troubled country, and dick and rosalie are finally reunited at west point.
corpus document1283
san quentin
pat o'brien plays ex-army officer steve jameson, who becomes the chief guard at san quentin state prison. jameson gets acquainted with mae kennedy (ann sheridan) who works as a singer in a san-francisco night club. on that same evening red kennedy, her brother (humphrey bogart), having been on the run from the police, is arrested at the nightclub where he came to see his sister. red kennedy arrives in san quentin a few days later with another new inmate, "sailor boy" hansen (joe sawyer). after a fight with sailor in the courtyard on his first day, he meets jameson, the new "captain of the yard," who punishes him. mae begins a romantic relationship with jameson, and soon finds out what he couldn't tell her before: he is the leading officer of the prison, in charge of the prisoners. having been selected with red to work outside the prison in a "road gang" constructing a new road, sailor makes a plan to break out. at first red refuses to join him, but later he changes his mind when it is revealed that jameson is dating red's sister. sailor's girlfriend arrives in a car to the site where the inmates are working and simulates a flat tire. having been assigned by a guard to change the tire, sailor takes the tools and two hidden guns from the tool box. after menacing the guard with the guns, they take him as a hostage and flee. a wild car pursuit with the police follows. finally, sailor's car crashes and he dies. red survives the crash and escapes. he makes it to mae's flat. jameson is already there. after a short argument, red shoots at jameson who is slightly injured. red flees and is shot by a police patrol, but he has enough strength to get back to the prison, where he dies in front of the gates.
corpus document1284
saratoga
bookie duke bradley (clark gable) stops the bank from taking the stud of grandpa clayton (lionel barrymore). carol clayton (jean harlow) calls from england that she is going to marry the wealthy hartley madison (walter pidgeon). duke tells her father, frank clayton (jonathan hale), and grandpa. broke, frank gives duke the deed to the family farm to pay his gambling debts. at the races, duke takes bets and meets hartley and carol. duke greets fritzi (una merkel) with a kiss. during a race, frank collapses and dies. carol asks duke to sell her the farm, but duke assures her he won't foreclose on grandpa. they quarrel about her marrying for money. fritzi tells duke that her husband jesse kiffmeyer (frank morgan) is allergic to horses. when jesse sneezes during an auction, duke sees to it that this is considered a bid, and jesse ends up buying a horse that fritzi wanted. grandpa tells duke that carol is selling her horse, moonray; carol tells duke she needs money to pay him off. duke bids hartley up to $14,000 for the horse. hartley asks grandpa to train moonray. carol studies horses and wins money from duke. tip o'brien (cliff edwards) sings "the horse with the dreamy eyes" with fritzi, duke, and rosetta (hattie mcdaniel), carol's maid. carol is friendly with duke until he asks her to get hartley betting. duke calls on hartley and tells him to help carol's nerves. hartley calls dr. bierd (george zucco), who says carol is emotional and should marry soon or not see hartley. duke gets hartley to bet and win $6,000, telling tip it is bait. carol tells hartley not to bet with duke, who learns hartley is leaving. carol asks hartley to stay. at the track, hartley bets with duke and loses $5,000. on a train, duke dines with fritzi and jesse, who is jealous. fritzi knows duke is in love with carol, and duke says he plans to win enough money to marry her. carol tells duke she loves him and has broken off her engagement to hartley. when duke objects to losing hartley, she gets angry. at the races, hartley loses. hartley hires a new trainer for moonray. carol gets jesse's contract with the jockey dixie gordon (frankie darro) so duke will lose, but fritzi tells jesse that if duke wins, he will marry carol. dixie is riding moonray. grandpa quarrels with the new trainer. the race is a photo finish, but moonray loses. on a train, carol and duke celebrate.
corpus document1285
second honeymoon
the newly remarried vicky (loretta young) is on vacation in miami beach with her second husband bob benton (lyle talbot) a yale-man. one night vicky finds her first husband raoul mcliesh (tyrone power) on the terrace of the ballroom, and they skip between kissing as if they never divorced and the distant way of two not married people. as he is introduced to her second husband bob, they have a certain complicity against vicky, and mcliesh not only finds himself with a valet - leo mactavish (stuart erwin) - but also with a rakoon, sent him from bob. he decides to stay at the hotel as his first wife seems more beautiful than ever. the next evening mcliesh brings a young girl - a cigarette-girl met on the road somewhere, joy (marjorie weaver), who makes vicky jealous, as her husband flirts with her. while businessman husband bob has to leave, vicky and raoul get closer. "you're the only real thing that ever happened to me. don't let me go this time, please don't!", vicky says one night to raoul. and while raoul's valet leo mctavish marries joy, bob, vicky and raoul are in a storm of emotions trying to find their way to one or another.
corpus document1286
seventh heaven
in a rough neighborhood of paris in 1914, atheistic sewer worker chico (james stewart) rescues a young woman named diane (simone simon) being beaten by her sister nana (gale sondergaard) for not being nice to an older man, a patron in the sister's disreputable dance hall. father chevillon (jean hersholt) is determined to convert chico. chevillon learns from boul, chico's taxi driver friend, that chico gave god a chance, but nothing came of it. the priest grants chico's first prayer, getting him a promotion to street washer. he then gives chico two religious medals for protection. chico is amazed to discover that they are made of real silver; a price tag reveals they are worth twelve francs - exactly the cost of two candles he purchased in church for his prayers. chevillon also gives him responsibility for diane. chico scoffs and goes off with his friends to celebrate his promotion, but returns just in time to stop diane from committing suicide. when a police tries to take diane into custody, chico claims that she is his wife. unconvinced, the policeman says he will check up on them, so chico takes diane home to his garret, up seven flights of stairs. the first time she sees the place, she says, "it is heaven." chico gives her his bed and goes to sleep with his neighbor aristide (j. edward bromberg), an astrologer. the next morning, chico finds his place has been tidied up and diane has prepared him a good breakfast. after chico leaves, the policeman checks up on diane; convinced she is indeed chico's wife, he states he will not trouble her again. diane starts to leave, but just then chico and his neighbor and coworker gobin (victor kilian) arrive; chico has passed his probationary test with flying colors, so chico invites gobin and his wife to dinner. when chico asks diane if anybody came by, she tells him no. after chico leaves to get more food and drink, aristide chastises diane for lying to chico and says that she may "drag him down, rob him forever of the greatness he might have known." upset, diane goes a bar, where she lets a man buy her a drink. chico finds out all about the confrontation from aristide. he finds her and takes her out of the bar, pushing the other man back over a table when he objects. when she begs him to let her go, that she is as wicked as aristide said she was, he tells her, "chico said you were a fine, good girl, and therefore you must be one." when war breaks out, many of chico's friends and neighbors are drafted, including gobin and chico's "sewer rat" friend, but not him. chico gives diane a present: a wedding dress. she asks him if he wants to marry her for love or out of pity. after an unsuccessful try or two, he finally says, "chico ... diane ... heaven", making her very happy. before they can marry, however, chico receives his draft notice. with no time, they marry themselves before chico leaves. diane's sister comes to take diane back by force, but diane drives her away. for four years, chico fights at the front, and diane works as a nurse. every morning at 11 o'clock, they each recite "chico ... diane ... heaven." diane feels her husband's presence then; he had promised to be with her somehow. however, one day, she abruptly cannot sense him anymore. he falls victim to a poison gas attack. just before he is evacuated, chico encounters father chevillon. he gives the priest his religious medal (diane has the other one) to give to diane. with the war almost over, a young officer diane tended tells her that chico has been listed killed in action, but she refuses to believe him, sensing his presence every day at 11. she goes to father chevillon, who gives her the medal chico gave him. heartbroken, she renounces her belief in god, but then she feels her lover's presence, at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month: the end of world war i. she rushes home, through the wild celebrations, and finds a blind but alive chico. the couple embrace and chico affirms his faith in god.
corpus document1287
shall we dance
peter p. peters (fred astaire), an american ballet dancer billed as "petrov", dances for a ballet company in paris owned by the bumbling jeffrey baird (edward everett horton). peters secretly wants to blend classical ballet with modern jazz dancing, and when he sees a photo of famous tap dancer linda keene (ginger rogers), he falls in love with her. he contrives to meet her, but she is less than impressed. they meet again on an ocean liner traveling back to new york, and linda warms to petrov. unknown to them, a plot is launched as a publicity stunt "proving" that they are actually married. outraged, linda becomes engaged to the bumbling jim montgomery (william brisbane), much to the chagrin of both peters and arthur miller (jerome cowan), her manager, who secretly launches more fake publicity. peters and keene, unable to squelch the rumor, decide to actually marry and then immediately get divorced. linda begins to fall in love with her husband, but then discovers him with another woman, lady denise tarrington (ketti gallian), and leaves before he can explain. later, when she comes to his new show to personally serve him divorce papers, she sees him dancing with dozens of women, all wearing masks with her face on them: peters has decided that if he cannot dance with linda, he will dance with images of linda. seeing that he truly loves her, she happily joins him onstage.
corpus document1288
sky racket
marion bronson (barclay), aided by her maid jenny (mcdaniel), flees an arranged marriage with count barksi (renaldo). after stowing away on an airplane piloted by government agent eric lane (bennett), the plane crashes and the duo end up being taken hostage by crooks.[1]
corpus document1289
slaves in bondage
the film tells the tale of how naive country girls are lured to the big city with the promise of employment only to be abducted and forced to work as prostitutes in decadent, high-class brothels.
corpus document1290
slim
slim, a farmer from southeastern ohio, becomes fascinated by a crew of linemen erecting transmission towers across his uncle and aunt's property. he asks pop (j. farrell macdonald) for a job, but there are no openings. when a man is fired, however, red (pat o'brien), pop's best lineman, takes a liking to slim and persuades pop to give him a chance as a "grunt", an assistant on the ground who sends up tools and parts. red and stumpy (stuart erwin), another grunt, teach slim what he needs to know. slim wins the respect of red and pop when he spots cheating during a poker game and pitches in during the ensuing brawl. when hungover lineman wyatt ranstead falls and is killed, slim is promoted to lineman. the company sends a vice president to investigate the death. to save pop's job, red deliberately antagonizes the executive and is fired. slim gets himself dismissed out of loyalty, and the two go on the road. they head to chicago to see red's girlfriend, cally (margaret lindsay) a nurse. the three set out to have a good time (though red insists on paying for everything). slim finds himself falling for cally, and she for him. when red's money runs out, he and slim head off to new mexico for work. red knows and dislikes one of their fellow linemen, wilcox (joe sawyer). when red is later offered the job of foreman at another camp, he initially turns it down, but changes his mind when slim offers to be his "straw boss" (assistant). wilcox, who had been hoping for the promotion himself, tries to sabotage red's rope, but slim stops him. later, on the ground, wilcox pulls out a knife and stabs slim. while slim is recovering in the hospital, cally comes to nurse him. they admit they love each other and tell red they are going to get married. when slim is offered stable, safe maintenance work, cally accepts for him. slim, however, refuses to give up his dangerous profession, and when pop sends for red, goes with him. they arrive during a terrible blizzard, and are called out to a substation to restore power, even though there are "hot" wires all around. red and another man fall to their deaths when a line breaks. cally joins slim and once again tries to talk him out of line work. when slim heads back out into the snow to complete the job, cally accepts his decision, telling him, "i'll be waiting for you."
corpus document1291
snow white and the seven dwarfs
snow white is a lonely princess living with her stepmother, a vain queen. the queen worries that snow white will look better than her, so she forces snow white to work as a scullery maid and asks her magic mirror daily "who is the fairest one of all". for years the mirror always answers that the queen is, pleasing her. one day, the magic mirror informs the queen that snow white is now "the fairest" in the land. the jealous queen orders her huntsman to take snow white into the forest and kill her. she further demands that the huntsman return with snow white's heart in a jeweled box as proof of the deed. however, the huntsman cannot bring himself to kill snow white. he tearfully begs for her forgiveness, revealing the queen wants her dead and urges her to flee into the woods and never look back. lost and frightened, the princess is befriended by woodland creatures who lead her to a cottage deep in the woods. finding seven small chairs in the cottage's dining room, snow white assumes the cottage is the untidy home of seven orphaned children. in reality, the cottage belongs to seven adult dwarfs—named doc, grumpy, happy, sleepy, bashful, sneezy, and dopey—who work in a nearby mine. returning home, they are alarmed to find their cottage clean and suspect that an intruder has invaded their home. the dwarfs find snow white upstairs, asleep across three of their beds. snow white awakes to find the dwarfs at her bedside and introduces herself, and all of the dwarfs eventually welcome her into their home after she offers to clean and cook for them. snow white keeps house for the dwarfs while they mine for jewels during the day, and at night they all sing, play music and dance. meanwhile, the queen discovers that snow white is still alive when the mirror again answers that snow white is the fairest in the land and reveals that the heart in the jeweled box is actually that of a pig. using a potion to disguise herself as an old hag, the queen creates a poisoned apple that will put whoever eats it into the "sleeping death", a curse she learns can only be broken by "love's first kiss", but is certain snow white will be buried alive. while the queen goes to the cottage while the dwarfs are away, the animals are wary of her and rush off to find the dwarfs. faking a potential heart attack, the queen tricks snow white into bringing her into the cottage to rest. the queen fools snow white into biting into the poisoned apple under the pretense that it is a magic apple that grants wishes. as snow white falls asleep, the queen proclaims that she is now the fairest of the land. the dwarfs return with the animals as the queen leaves the cottage and give chase, trapping her on a cliff. she tries to roll a boulder over them, but before she can do so, lightning strikes the cliff, causing her to fall to her death. the dwarfs return to their cottage and find snow white seemingly dead, being kept in a deathlike slumber by the poison. unwilling to bury her out of sight in the ground, they instead place her in a glass coffin trimmed with gold in a clearing in the forest. together with the woodland creatures, they keep watch over her. a year later, a prince who had previously met and fallen in love with snow white learns of her eternal sleep and visits her coffin. saddened by her apparent death, he kisses her, which breaks the spell and awakens her. the dwarfs and animals all rejoice as the prince takes snow white to his castle.
corpus document1292
the soldier and the lady
the tsar sends courier michael strogoff to deliver vital information to grand duke vladimir far away in siberia. the tartars, aided by renegade ogareff, have risen up against the russian empire.
corpus document1293
souls at sea
the story is based on two distinct early 19th-century themes: the suppression of the atlantic slave trade, and the often-tragic fate of people on ships lost at sea. the first theme is examined through the efforts of abolitionists michael "nuggin" taylor (cooper) and powdah (raft) to end the slave trade. although the united states prohibited the importation of slaves in 1808, slaves were still brought into the country illegally. great britain also prohibited the slave trade, putting the royal navy into action against slave traders, but even britain had its supporters of the trade (here represented by lieutenant stanley tarryton (wilcoxon), as a british naval officer acting for the slave interests). the conflict between taylor and wilcoxon is complicated by tarryton's sister margaret (dee) falling in love with taylor. the second theme appears when the taylor-wilcoxon conflict becomes entangled with the loss of the ship william brown (named after an actual ship of the period with a similar fate; see below). the william brown is accidentally set on fire by a little girl, and must be abandoned. the captain (carey) is in injured, and although a passenger, taylor takes over. only one lifeboat is launched, which cannot carry all the survivors, many of whom are swimming in the ocean nearby. taylor stops these desperate people from climbing into the lifeboat and swamping it, shooting some with a pistol. as a result, he is subsequently tried and convicted for murder; barton woodley (zucco) explains his actions, thus resulting a new trial for taylor. margaret seeing taylor in this new light, lets michael know she still loves him. the 1957 film seven waves away (also known as abandon ship!) also dealt with the issue of the limits of lifeboat space and decisions of the first mate. the william brown hit an iceberg and sank on 19 april 1841, with loss of life. a seaman, one alexander holmes, acted similarly to taylor in the film. he was convicted of manslaughter, but sentenced only to a $20 fine and six months imprisonment.
corpus document1294
stage door
terry randall (katharine hepburn) moves into the footlights club,[3] a theatrical rooming house in new york. her polished manners and superior attitude make her no friends among the rest of the aspiring actresses living there, particularly her new roommate, flippant, cynical dancer jean maitland (ginger rogers). from terry's expensive clothing and her photograph of her elderly grandfather, jean assumes she has obtained the former from her sugar daddy, just as fellow resident linda shaw (gail patrick) has from her relationship with influential theatrical producer anthony powell (adolphe menjou). in truth, terry comes from a wealthy midwest family. over the strong objections of her father, henry sims (samuel s. hinds), she is determined to try to fulfill her dreams. in the boarding house, terry's only supporter is aging actress anne luther (constance collier), who appoints herself terry's mentor and acting coach. when powell sees jean dancing, he decides to dump linda. he arranges for jean and her partner annie (ann miller) to get hired for the floor show of a nightclub he partly owns. he then starts dating jean, who starts falling for him. meanwhile, well-liked kay hamilton (andrea leeds) had a great success and rave reviews in a play the year before but has had no work since and is running out of money. she clings desperately to the hope of landing the leading role in powell's new play, enchanted april. she finally gets an appointment to see powell, only to have him cancel. she faints in the reception area, the result of malnutrition and disappointment. seeing this, terry barges into powell's private office and berates him for his callousness. as a result, the other boarding house residents start to warm to the newcomer. terry's father secretly finances enchanted april on condition that terry be given the starring role, hoping she will fail and return home. powell invites terry to his penthouse to break the news. when jean shows up unannounced, terry sees the opportunity to save her friend from the philandering powell. she pretends that powell is trying to seduce her. it works. however, it makes things uncomfortable around the boarding house. terry's landing of the plum part breaks kay's heart. the inexperienced terry is so woodenly bad during rehearsals that powell tries to get out of his contract with sims. on opening night, after she learns from jean that kay has committed suicide, terry decides she cannot go on. anne luther tells her that she must, not just for herself and the tradition of the theatre, but also for kay. she does and gives a heartfelt performance. she and the play are a hit, much to the chagrin of her father, who is in the audience. at her curtain call, terry gives a speech in tribute to her dead friend, and terry and jean are reconciled. the play remains a success after months, but terry continues to board at the footlights club. a newcomer shows up looking for a room.
corpus document1295
stand-in
the plot of stand-in concerns the takeovers of hollywood studios that occurred during the great depression. fowler pettypacker (tully marshall), a wall street banker, is debating whether or not to accept an offer from ivor nassau (c. henry gordon) to buy "colossal pictures," a fictional film studio on poverty row. the studio has not been turning a profit, but financial analyst atterbury dodd (leslie howard) advises against selling. he stakes his reputation on his mathematical calculations that show colossal should turn a profit. the bank sends dodd to hollywood as the new head of the studio. colossal's star actress, thelma cheri (marla shelton), eccentric foreign director koslofski (alan mowbray), and press agent tom potts (jack carson) are conspiring with nassau to sabotage the studio. they are deliberately running up costs on producer douglas quintain's (humphrey bogart) jungle feature, sex and satan so that the film flops and the studio goes bankrupt. in hollywood, dodd meets lester plum (joan blondell), a cheerful former child star currently working as a stand-in for cheri. lester teaches dodd about the business of filmmaking and eventually becomes his secretary. under lester's tutelage, dodd comes to see that the workers are more than just numbers. lester falls in love with dodd, but he is initially oblivious to her feelings. when dodd is unimpressed by a viewing of sex and satan, koslofski puts the blame squarely on quintain. quintain had discovered cheri and made her a star, falling in love with her in the process, but she sides with koslofski. as a result, dodd fires quintain. after an audience preview confirms that the film is awful (they prefer the ape over cheri's performance), dodd seeks out the heartbroken producer. once he sobers up from his drunken binge, quintain comes up with the idea to salvage the film by cutting down cheri's part and expanding the ape's. however, before they can do so, pettypacker telephones dodd, informing him that he has sold the studio to nassau, and that dodd is fired. dodd convinces the initially hostile workers into rallying behind him to finish the film. then, he asks plum to marry him.
corpus document1296
a star is born
north dakota farmgirl esther victoria blodgett (janet gaynor) yearns to become a hollywood actress. although her aunt and father discourage such thoughts, esther's grandmother (may robson) gives esther her savings to follow her dream. esther goes to hollywood and tries to land a job as an extra, but so many others have had the same idea that the casting agency has stopped accepting applications. esther is told that her chances of becoming a star are one in 100,000. she befriends a new resident at her boarding house, assistant director danny mcguire (andy devine), himself out of work. when danny and esther go to a concert to celebrate danny's employment, esther has her first encounter with norman maine (fredric march), an actor she admires greatly. norman has been a major star for years, but his alcoholism has sent his career into a downward spiral. danny gets esther a one-time waitressing job at a fancy hollywood party. while serving hors d’œuvre, she catches norman's eye. he gets his longtime producer and good friend, oliver niles (adolphe menjou), to give her a screen test. impressed, oliver gives her a new name ("vicki lester") and a contract. she practices her few lines for her first tiny role. when the studio has trouble finding a female lead for norman's current film, entitled the enchanted hour, norman persuades oliver to cast esther. the film makes her an overnight success, even as viewers continue to lose interest in norman. norman proposes to vicki; she accepts when he promises to give up drinking. they elope without publicity, much to press agent matt libby's (lionel stander) disgust, and enjoy a trailer-camping honeymoon in the mountains. when they return, vicki's popularity continues to skyrocket, while norman realizes his own career is over, despite oliver's attempts to help him. norman stays sober for a while, but his frustration over his situation finally pushes him over the edge. he starts drinking again. when vicki wins the industry's top award (the academy award for best actress), he interrupts her acceptance speech by drunkenly demanding three awards for the worst acting of the year. a stay at a sanatorium seems to cure norman's increasingly disruptive alcoholism, but a chance encounter with libby gives the press agent an opportunity to vent his long-concealed contempt and dislike for norman. norman goes on a four-day drinking binge and winds up arrested for drunk driving. in court, the judge sentences him to 90 days of incarceration, but esther pleads with the judge to put norman under her care. the judge, who is impressed with vicki's acting success, suspends norman's sentence and puts norman's custody into vicki's hands. vicki decides to give up her career in order to devote herself to his rehabilitation. after norman overhears her discussing her plan with oliver, he drowns himself in the pacific ocean. shattered, vicki decides to quit and go home. soon afterward, her grandmother shows up once she hears vicki is quitting. her grandmother tells her of a letter norman sent her when they got married. the letter stated how proud he was of vicki, and how much he loved her. because of her grandmother's words, and the reminder of norman's deep love, vicki is convinced to stay in show business. at the premiere of her next film at grauman's chinese theatre, when vicki is asked to say a few words into the microphone to her many fans listening across the world, she announces, "hello everybody. this is mrs. norman maine."
corpus document1297
stella dallas
stella martin, the daughter of a mill worker, charlie, in a post-world war i massachusetts factory town, is determined to better herself. she sets her sights on mill executive stephen dallas, and catches him at an emotionally vulnerable time. stephen's father killed himself after losing his fortune. penniless, stephen disappeared from high society, intending to marry his fiancée, helen morrison, once he was financially able to support her. however, just as he reaches his goal, he reads in the newspaper the announcement of her wedding. so he marries stella. a year later, their daughter, laurel, is born. to stella's great surprise, she discovers she has a strong maternal instinct. even when she is out dancing and partying, she cannot help but think about her child. as laurel grows up, stella's ambition and scheming to rise socially is redirected to her daughter. stephen dotes on laurel as well, but she is the only bond between husband and wife. he tries to help stella become more refined, but without success. he also strongly disapproves of her continuing friendship with the vulgar ed munn. finally, when stephen receives a promotion that requires him to move to new york, stella tells him he can go without her or laurel; they separate, but remain married. laurel stays with her mother, but visits her father periodically. years later, stephen runs into helen, now a wealthy widow with three sons. they renew their acquaintance. laurel is invited to stay at helen's mansion; she gets along very well with helen and her sons. stephen asks stella for a divorce, but she turns him down. stella takes laurel to a fancy resort, where laurel meets richard grosvenor iii, and they fall in love. however, when stella makes her first appearance after recovering from an illness, she becomes the target of derision for her vulgarity, though she herself is unaware of it. embarrassed for her mother, laurel insists they leave at once without telling her why. on the train back, stella overhears the truth. stella goes to talk with helen. after learning that helen and stephen would marry if they could, she agrees to a divorce and asks that laurel go live with them. helen realizes the reason for the request and agrees. when laurel learns of the arrangement, she refuses to put up with it and returns home. however, stella has been notified by a telegram and is ready for her. stella pretends that she wants laurel off her hands so she can marry ed munn and travel to south america. laurel runs crying back to her father. later, laurel and richard get married. stella watches them exchange their wedding vows from the city street through a window. her presence goes unnoticed in the darkness and among the other curious bystanders. she then slips away in the rain, alone but triumphant in having arranged her daughter's happiness.
corpus document1298
stolen holiday
in 1931 paris, nicole picot (kay francis), a model for a fashionable dress shop, is hired by nearly-penniless stefan orloff (claude rains) to help persuade a financier to fund his ambitious plans. by 1934, stefan has established an investment bank; in gratitude, he provides the capital that nicole needs to set up her own business and become a successful dress designer (though she insists on paying him back). british diplomat anthony wayne (ian hunter) romances nicole and wins her heart. however, when stefan's crooked schemes start to unravel, he asks nicole to marry him without divulging his main motive: the attendance of her influential friends at the well-publicized ceremony would bolster public confidence in him and buy him time. she agrees, out of friendship alone, much to the distress of her friend and assistant, suzanne (alison skipworth). it is too late. at their wedding, stefan's closest confederate, francis chalon (walter kingsford), is taken away by the police for questioning, and the other guests hastily depart. knowing that chalon can incriminate him, stefan goes into hiding at a remote chateau. however, he makes a mistake, sending a letter to nicole asking her to join him. she does so, despite anthony's protests. nicole gets stefan to admit the truth, though he insists he does love her. when he sees that the police have followed nicole and have surrounded the chateau, he excuses himself. to spare her from being dragged down with him, he goes outside. as he expected, he is shot and killed, though it is staged to look like a suicide to avoid causing further embarrassment to the government. afterward, anthony persists and finally gets nicole to agree to marry him.
corpus document1299
submarine d-1
butch rogers (pat o'brien) and sock mcgillis (wayne morris) are old submarine hands stationed in panama. on land, butch and sock battle over pretty ann sawyer (doris weston). at sea and underwater, however, our two heroes are virtually inseparable. this film offers many insights into the u.s. navy submarine force just prior to world war ii. use of the momsen lung for emergency submarine rescues is featured as well as the training tank structures of new london, connecticut submarine base. the film also has exceptional footage of the u.s. fleet, including uss cincinnati, farragut class destroyers and many battleships. one can also hear the men singing the sub division 9 song.
corpus document1300
super-sleuth
a film detective believes he actually has the skills to solve a real life case. bill martin's (jack oakie) boasts irritate the real detectives of the los angeles police, as well as studio publicist mary strand (ann sothern), who loves bill but doesn't appreciate the actor's arrogance. a mysterious killer known as the "poison pen" decides to murder bill, annoyed with his last movie. bill and mary go to amateur sleuth professor herman (eduardo ciannelli) for advice, unaware that the professor and the murderer are one and the same. by mistake, film co-star ralph waring (bradley page) is killed by the poison pen, and stand-in larry frank (alan bruce) is suspected of the crime. to save bill from the killer and from himself, mary arranges for him to be locked up, but the gullible bill gets professor herman to bail him out of jail. mary and the cops come to his rescue just in time.
corpus document1301
swing high, swing low
working her way as a hairdresser on board a liner traveling through the panama canal zone, maggie king brushes off a brash young soldier, "skid" johnson, on his last day in the army. however, he is persistent, and the next day she and her friend ella reluctantly go on a double date with him and his piano player friend harry in balboa. in a nightclub, she expresses her distaste of trumpet music, whereupon he impresses her with his amazing prowess with the instrument. when a man tries to pick her up at the bar, he and skid end up brawling, which lands skid and maggie in jail. as a result, maggie misses her ship back to the states. with no money left after helping pay the fine, she is forced to move in with skid and harry. she talks a skeptical murphy (a woman) into hiring the unambitious skid and her as a trumpet player and showgirl, respectively, at "murphy's cafe y bar" by telling murphy that they are married. she clashes with fellow showgirl anita alvarez, skid's former girlfriend, but anita soon leaves for a better job. maggie and skid eventually fall in love and do marry. she prods the reluctant skid into going to new york city to play in a major nightclub, leaving her behind. she finds out afterward that anita works there. he is a big success, teamed with songstress anita. fame and fortune go to his head. he neglects to send maggie the fare to join him and does not answer her letters. finally maggie borrows the money from murphy. anita intercepts her telegram to skid, telling him where to meet her boat. after waiting at the pier for a long time, maggie calls anita's hotel room on a hunch, and a drunk skid answers (anita invited him in for a nightcap after a night on the town together). maggie divorces him. ella finds out and tells her old boyfriend, wealthy rancher harvey howell. mary plans to sail to france to obtain a divorce and marry harvey. skid is so devastated, he starts drinking and missing performances, costing him his job and his career. finally, he tries to reenlist, but fails the physical exam. then, he runs into harry, who has been searching for him. harry has gotten a band together for a live radio performance to audition for an important sponsor and (to help his old friend out) wants skid to play with them. skid's old agent georgie tries to get maggie, just returned from france, to pull skid into shape. she rushes over and does her best. during the broadcast, skid is terrible at first, but after maggie tells him that she is sticking to him "til death do us part", he recaptures his old brilliance.
corpus document1302
telephone operator
a telephone operator covering for an absent friend is flooded with calls seeking emergency assistance as the riverdale dam bursts and the community falls victim to a major deluge.
corpus document1303
that certain woman
the soap opera-like plot of the warner bros. release focuses on mary donnell (bette davis), a naive young woman married to al haines, a bootlegger who is killed during the st. valentine's day massacre. in order to support herself she takes a job as a secretary to married attorney lloyd rogers (ian hunter), who finds himself attracted to her but keeps his feelings secret out of respect for his wife. jack merrick, jr. (henry fonda), the playboy son of a wealthy client, elopes with mary, but his disapproving father (donald crisp) interferes and has the marriage annulled. soon after mary discovers she is pregnant and decides to have the child without informing jack, who marries florence carson (anita louise), a woman of his own social class. she later is left crippled by an automobile accident. when lloyd dies, he leaves mary the bulk of his estate, but his wife, believing mary's son is her husband's illegitimate child, attempts to overturn the will. when jack and his father learn the boy is his, the elder merrick institutes proceedings to have mary declared unfit and the child removed from her custody. unable to withstand the stress of the legal proceedings, to her surprise, mary finds florence kind and sympathetic. she allows jack and florence to have the child and leaves for europe. when florence dies, jack follows mary in the hope he'll find her and reunite her with their son.
corpus document1304
they gave him a gun
the movie begins in world war i when a young man named jimmy (franchot tone) unexpectedly becomes a hero by killing all the germans in a machine gun nest. but he is then severely wounded and spends time in a hospital being cared for by a nurse, rose (gladys george), with whom he falls in love. but she is really in love with jimmy’s buddy, fred (spencer tracy), a carnival barker. however, when fred doesn't return from the battlefield, the two think he’s been killed (when he was merely captured) and so they make wedding plans. then when fred returns he decides to support jimmy and rose marrying, even though it breaks his heart. after the war fred meets up with jimmy again and discovers that jimmy is a racketeer who uses his battle skills to commit murder. so he tells rose, who had no idea. she then reports her husband to the police so he will go to prison and be reformed. but jimmy breaks out of prison and tries to take rose on the lam with him. at this point fred intervenes. jimmy, feeling undeserving, commits suicide by police.
corpus document1305
they won't forget
a southern town is rocked by scandal when teenager mary clay is murdered on confederate memorial day. a district attorney with political ambitions, andrew griffin, sees the crime as way to the senate if he can find the right scapegoat to be tried for the crime. he seeks out robert hale, mary's teacher at the business school where she was killed. even though all evidence against hale is circumstantial, hale happens to be from new york (leo frank was a southerner from texas, but he was jewish and had been raised in new york), and griffin works with reporter william brock to create a media frenzy of prejudice and hatred against the teacher. the issue moves from innocence or guilt to the continuing bigotry and suspicion between south and north, especially given the significance of the day of the murder. the film shows the immense pressures brought to bear on members of the community to help in the conviction - the black janitor who is induced to lie on the stand for fear he himself will be convicted if hale is found innocent; the juror who is the sole holdout to a guilty verdict; and the barber who is afraid to testify to something he knows because it could exonerate hale. michael gleason, hale's lawyer, does his best, but hale is convicted and sentenced to death. the governor of the state, with the support of his wife, decides to commit political suicide by commuting hale's death sentence to life imprisonment because the evidence is simply insufficient to send a man to his death. the townsfolk are enraged, and the murdered girl's brothers, who have been threatening all along to take matters into their own hands if hale is not executed, plot and carry out hale's abduction and lynching with the help of a vengeful mob. afterward, hale's widow goes to griffin's office to return a check he had sent her to help her out, telling him he cannot soothe his conscience that way. as he and brock watch her leave the building, brock wonders if hale was guilty. griffin replies without much concern, "i wonder."[1]
corpus document1306
thin ice
the plot follows ski instructor lili heiser (henie), who works at a local luxury hotel in the swiss alps. she falls in love with a man who goes skiing every morning (power). she thinks he's an everyday tourist, not knowing that he's a prince trying to escape the pressures of royal life. the movie showcased sonja henie's skating talents. after winning gold in the 1928, 1932 and 1936 winter olympics, henie became a professional film actress in 1936. the film also features tyrone power in the beginnings of his career. the movie was nominated for an academy award for best dance direction for the 'prince igor suite'.
corpus document1307
think fast, mr. moto
the film opens with mr. moto in disguise as a street salesmen and selling goods to passers-by. he sees a man leaving a shop with a tattoo of the british flag on his arm. moto enters the shop to sell a rare diamond to the owner. however, moto sees a body stuffed into a wicker basket in the store, and using his mastery of judo takes down the shopkeeper. later, he reserves a berth on a freighter headed for shanghai. also on the freighter is bob hitchings jr., son of the owner of the freighter. before leaving, hitchings sr. gives his son a confidential letter for the head of the shanghai branch of the company. hitchings and moto become friends (moto notices the letter), and moto helps hitchings cure a hangover. hitchings complains to moto that he has not met any beautiful women on board. after a stop in honolulu, a beautiful woman named gloria danton boards the ship, and she and hitchings fall in love. but gloria is a spy for nicolas marloff, who runs a smuggling operation out of shanghai. she periodically sends him notes and leaves without saying goodbye to hitchings. moto finds a steward looking for hitchings’ letter and confronts him, knowing he was the person who killed the man in the wicker basket, as he wears the tattoo. moto throws the man overboard and takes the letter. at shanghai, hitchings meets with joseph b. wilkie and gives him the letter, but later learns that it is a blank sheet of paper. he calls his father, who tells him the letter said to watch out for smugglers. hitchings is determined to find gloria, and he learns from an unknown person that she is at the “international club”. both he and wilkie go there, as well as moto and his date, lela liu. hitchings finds gloria performing at the club and goes to her dressing room. however, the club owner marloff discovers them together and, knowing that hitchings knows too much, locks them both up. moto tells lela to call the police, and seeks out marloff. posing as a fellow smuggler, he tricks marloff into leading him to gloria and hitchings. lela is shot while contacting the police, but manages to tell them where she is. wilkie finds marloff, and demands that gloria and hitchings be released. marloff finds out that moto is not a smuggler, then moto apprehends him. moto tells wilkie to get marloff’s gun, the gun explodes as wilkie tries to grab it, killing marloff. police storm the building, and moto tells them the wilkie headed the smuggling operation. wilkie replaced the letter and shot lela. moto gave wilkie the opportunity to kill marloff, who knew he was in on the plot, and he did. wilkie is arrested, and things go back to normal.
corpus document1308
the thirteenth chair
inspector delzante (bela lugosi), investigates a series of murders near a british mansion in calcutta. the murders are pinned on a young runaway named helen o'neill (leila hyams) who is taken in by a well-intentioned fake irish medium, madame lagrange (margaret wycherly).[1]
corpus document1309
this is my affair
us president william mckinley is put under great pressure by everyone, even us bank examiner henry maxwell, to do something about a gang of bank robbers nobody has been able to bring to justice. he sends u.s. navy lieutenant richard l. perry undercover without notifying anyone, not even the secret service. richard, using the alias joe patrick, makes a pass at singer lil duryea. her stepbrother, batiste, not only owns the casino in saint paul, minnesota where she performs, but is also one of the ringleaders of the gang. lil takes a liking to joe, but since batiste's hulking right-hand man, jock ramsay, considers her his girl, she tries to brush joe off. joe is undeterred and soon persuades her to go out with him whenever batiste and jock leave town on one of their robberies. when batiste learns that lil loves joe and is convinced that he is a bank robber himself, batiste invites joe to join the gang. later, though, lil tries to talk joe into running away with her. he agrees, even writing a letter of resignation addressed to mckinley, but changes his mind. he has yet to learn the identity of the mastermind behind the whole thing. as a result, however, lil breaks up with him. joe notifies the president about the next robbery, hoping that when they are caught, he can find out the boss's name. batiste is killed and jock wounded when they put up a fight. in prison, joe works on jock, finally getting him to reveal that the bank examiner is the mastermind. however, mckinley is shot before getting joe's letter. nobody believes joe's story, and both he and jock are sentenced to death. when lil visits him, he confesses everything and begs her to go to see admiral george dewey. embittered that he lied to her and got her stepbrother killed, lil refuses, but as the executions near, she rushes to george. together, they go to see the new president, theodore roosevelt. he does not believe her until an official finally remembers mckinley instructing him to read a secret paper in the event of a letter being received with a certain symbol on it and him being unavailable. convinced, roosevelt telephones just after jock's execution and before joe's. afterward, joe and lil are reunited.
corpus document1310
this way please
betty grable plays young jane morrow, who applies for the job of a theater usherette, and encounters her matinée idol. after he takes a liking to her, he arranges for her to audition in front of an audience. jane is a hit, making her idol less favorable. jane soon finds herself engaged to another man, so a battle of romantic wits ensues.
corpus document1311
thoroughbreds don't cry
cricket west (garland) is a hopeful actress with a pair of vocal cords that bring down the house. her eccentric aunt runs a boarding house and they play host to the local jockeys, whose leader is the cocky but highly skilled timmie donovan (rooney). when a young english gentleman, roger calverton, comes to town convincing donovan to ride his horse in a high-stakes race, the plot breaks into a speeding gallop. donovan is disqualified from racing after being set up by his scheming father, with help from cricket and her aunt, roger wins the race and donovan's father is arrested.
corpus document1312
the toast of new york
in post-civil war america, unscrupulous, ambitious partners jim fisk (arnold) and nick boyd (grant) talk tight-fisted businessman daniel drew (donald meek) into selling them his shipping company, paying with worthless confederate bonds. later, worried that his longtime rival, cornelius vanderbilt (clarence kolb), is trying to take control of his railroad, drew seeks help from fisk, only to have him turn the situation to his own advantage. fisk and boyd eventually become powers to be reckoned with on wall street. meanwhile, both men fall in love with entertainer josie mansfield (farmer). mansfield agrees to marry fisk out of gratitude, but really loves boyd. fisk's greed grows beyond all reason and he tries to corner the market in gold. when fisk ignores boyd's warnings, boyd turns against him, worried that the resulting panic threatens the financial system of the whole country. the federal government finally intervenes by releasing its gold reserves, bankrupting fisk in the process.
corpus document1313
topper
george (cary grant) and marion (constance bennett) kerby are as rich as they are irresponsible. when george wrecks their classy sports car, they wake up from the accident as ghosts. realizing they aren’t in heaven or hell because they’ve never been responsible enough to do good deeds or bad ones, they decide that freeing their old friend cosmo topper (roland young) from his regimented lifestyle will be their ticket into heaven. topper, a wealthy bank president, is trapped in a boring job. worse still, clara (billie burke), his social-climbing wife, seems to care only about nagging him and presenting a respectable façade. on a whim, after george and marion die, topper buys george’s flashy sports car. soon he meets the ghosts of his dead friends, and immediately they begin to liven up his dull life with drinking and dancing, flirting and fun. the escapades lead quickly to cosmo’s arrest, and the ensuing scandal alienates his wife clara, however some of the people clara would like to socialize with now because of topper's scandal become interested in her and topper. cosmo moves out into a hotel with marion who claims she is no longer married since she is dead. clara fears she has lost cosmo forever. the toppers' loyal butler suggests that she lighten up a bit; she decides he’s right and dons the lingerie and other attire of “a forward woman.” after cosmo has a near-death experience and nearly joins george and marion in the afterlife, cosmo and clara are happily reunited, and george and marion, their good deed done, gladly depart for heaven.
corpus document1314
tovarich
russian prince mikail alexandrovitch ouratieff (charles boyer) and his wife, grand duchess tatiana petrovna (claudette colbert) flee from the russian revolution to paris with the czar's fortune, which he has entrusted to them for safekeeping. they keep the money in a bank, faithfully refusing to spend any of it for themselves. then, destitute, they are forced to take jobs under false identities as butler and maid in the household of wealthy charles dupont (melville cooper), his wife fermonde (isabel jeans), and their children, helene (anita louise) and georges (maurice murphy). after a shaky start, the servants gradually endear themselves to their employers. however, their secret is finally exposed when one of the guests at a dinner party, soviet commissar gorotchenko (basil rathbone), recognises them.
corpus document1315
true confession
helen bartlett (carole lombard) is the wife of the honest lawyer ken (fred macmurray). she is a "writer" but cannot think of anything to write and instead lives in her fantasy world of telling lies. when she discovers that they are broke, she attempts to get ken to take a case of a man who stole hams. ken, who is scrupulously honest and will not defend a client who is guilty, finds out that the man really did steal the hams, and therefore does not take the case. helen is forced to get a job as a secretary for businessman otto krayler (john t. murray), a family friend. on her first day in his sumptuous apartment/office, he attempts to seduce helen, which causes helen to quit the job. however, she discovers that she accidentally left her hat and coat behind. she returns with her friend daisy mcclure (una merkel) only to find that krayler has been killed and $12,000 of missing money is the supposed motive. police lieutenant darcey (edgar kennedy) suspects helen and takes her into custody. to further complicate her situation, helen spins multiple possible accounts of the murder, discussing how she might have done it in each scenario, but finally says that she had nothing to do with it. ken represents helen at the trial and believes that there is no way that the jury will believe that helen did not commit the murder, and therefore has her plead self-defense. as the trial continues, an obnoxious man named charles "charley" jasper (john barrymore) believes that helen did not murder krayler, but he keeps it to himself. helen wins the case and publishes a hugely successful novel of her life story. having earned a fortune, helen and ken buy a lavish home on lake martha, but ken expresses remorse that their fortune has come out of crime. helen wonders if she should confess her innocence, but ken states that perjury would be worse than the crime she had already committed. meanwhile, charles visits helen and ken with krayler's wallet and attempts to blackmail them into saying that he (charley) killed krayler and having helen perjure herself. helen then tells ken that she did not kill krayler and has charley confess that his brother-in-law was the real murderer. ken leaves the house, distressed by helen's lying, but helen chases after him and lies once more by saying that she is pregnant. for a moment, ken believes her, but then realizes that she is lying once again. he almost walks away, but realizing that this is what life is like with a congenital fantasist, he puts helen over his shoulder and carries her into the house, the implication being that he is going to make her lie become true by getting her pregnant.
corpus document1316
turn off the moon
star-gazing department store owner j. elliott dinwiddy believes everything an astrologist, dr. wakefield, tells him. so when he supposedly can win the heart of secretary myrtle tweep just by arranging a love match between a boy and girl by a certain hour that night, while the stars are in alignment, dinwiddy is determined to do just that. he singles out caroline wilson, a dancer who happened to be in the store. dinwiddy plays cupid to pair her with terry keith, a popular songwriter who has been giving musical help to dinwiddy's no-talent son. a few mixups later, caroline gets arrested, dinwiddy does, too, and when myrtle gets a call, she's no help at all. wakefield extends the deadline, giving time for dinwiddy to get the couples in question back together.
corpus document1317
under the red robe
the film is based on the 1894 novel by stanley j. weyman and is set during the religious wars of early 17th century france; events in the novel itself means it can be dated to the autumn of 1630. notorious gambler and dreaded swordsman gil de berault returns to paris after carrying out a mission for the 'red robe' or cardinal richelieu and finds him concerned by growing opposition from french protestants or huguenots in the south. he also warns de berault dueling has been outlawed and henceforth punishable by death but gil promptly disobeys the law and is sentenced to be executed as a result. the cardinal offers de berault a pardon if he is able to capture the protestant duc de foix who is organizing plans for an uprising. gil agrees, travels to the duke's home and is allowed to stay as a guest, but the duke's wife and his sister lady marguerite immediately suspect he is a spy. nevertheless, he makes good progress but then falls in love with marguerite, forcing him to choose between conscience and self-interest.
corpus document1318
waikiki wedding
crosby is cast in a romantic hawaiian setting as tony marvin a publicity agent for imperial pineapple company. the atmosphere is captured from the start with a hawaiian song over the opening credits and with tony and his friend shad, with pet pig 'walford', present at a native wedding ceremony where tony joins in the song. in the boardroom of the imperial pineapple company, the president, j. p. todhunter, defends tony against charges of neglecting his duty, pointing out that it was tony who thought of the idea of the 'pineapple girl' contest. the winner of the contest was promised 'three romantic weeks' in hawaii and her happy impressions are to be syndicated in the press for publicity. unfortunately it seems georgia smith, the girl from birch falls who won the pineapple girl contest, and her friend myrtle are bored and intend to return home. the prospect of such adverse publicity enrages j. p. who tells tony that he must do something to stop the girls leaving. to give a little romantic colour therefore, tony sings 'blue hawaii' outside the girls' bungalow helped by a hawaiian chorus. when myrtle opens the door he mistakes her for georgia and is therefore unaware that it is georgia he later meets at the dockside. whilst helping to repair the heel of her shoe he accidentally tips her into the water; drenched and angry she, equally unaware of his identity, tells how she came to be in hawaii and says that she could murder the one who got her into the whole mess. when, shortly afterwards, she and myrtle are about to board ship bound for home a stranger thrusts into her hand a black pearl and asks her to get it through customs. consequently, they are prevented from leaving and tony and shad arrive opportunely to offer help. apparently the pearl is sacred and must be returned to a shrine on a smaller island from which it has been stolen or, according to a native legend, the volcano will erupt and destroy the village. kimo, a native, says the girls must themselves return the pearl and he takes the four of them in his boat. the whole business has been arranged by tony to prevent georgia from returning home and he has also written, in her name, glowing reports for press hand-outs. on the trip across to the island tony and georgia sing 'blue hawaii'. meanwhile, j. p. receives a long-distance call from georgia's fiancé, dentist dr. quimby, who says that he is coming to fetch her. on the island georgia offers to hand over the pearl but is told to await the arrival of the high priest. while they are detained on the island shad and myrtle become well acquainted and enliven the scene with comedy episodes involving walford the pig. tony, with hawaiian chorus, sings 'sweet leilani' to a little native girl. when the high priest arrives the pearl is handed over and at a celebration ceremony georgia sings 'in a little hula heaven', with tony singing and whistling a few lines. myrtle sings 'okolehao', the name for a potent native drink. when the volcano continues to rumble and smoke the high priest announces that the pearl must be fake and arrests georgia. the volcano's activity is, at tony's instigation, manufactured by natives maintaining the fire and flames. tony helps georgia escape and the four make for the boat. tony sings 'sweet is the word for you' and it is also sung by georgia. when she returns to her hotel next day she finds quimby and her uncle herman awaiting her and they explain how she has been tricked. meanwhile, tony, regretting his actions, has called on j. p. and told him not to publish the articles he has written. when he calls for georgia he tells her they will be married but she is angry with him and says she will return home with quimby and her uncle. when the three are ready to leave, quimby is tricked by shad into involvement with the police which results in quimby being arrested for assault. when, however, shad tries the same trick on uncle herman he himself is arrested. tony boards the ship and in the next cabin to georgia whistles 'sweet is the word for you' but she reports him to the purser and he is put off the ship. myrtle arrives at the jail with walford disguised as a dog, and pays the fine to release shad. tony and georgia are re-united after he hires an old lady to pose as his mother who visits georgia aboard ship and persuades her that it is tony she should marry. over the closing credits a chorus sings 'blue hawaii' and 'in a little hula heaven'.[2]
corpus document1319
way out west
stan and oliver, after consorting with seymore "sy" roberts, an old prospector, have been entrusted to deliver the deed to a gold mine the prospector discovered to the man's daughter, mary roberts (rosina lawrence), a poor girl living in brushwood gulch who is consistently victimized by her cruel guardians, saloon owner mickey finn (james finlayson), and his equally-cruel saloon-singer wife, lola marcel (sharon lynn). the movie opens in mickey finn's saloon. (in the early 20th century, "mickey finn" was a well-known slang term for the underworld practice of lacing a drink with chloral hydrate, a powerful and sometimes deadly sedative, in order to do mischief to an unsuspecting dupe.) here we are introduced to the characters of mickey finn, lola, and mary roberts. when stan and ollie are introduced, they are traveling toward the town of brushwood gulch: stan on foot, leading a mule named "dinah", and ollie lying on a travois being dragged behind the mule. a recurring gag is introduced as they ford a shallow river. in the middle of the stream, the travois becomes detached from the mule, leaving ollie stranded in the middle of the stream. stan goes back and helps ollie to his feet. then, as ollie wades the rest of the way across, he completely disappears into a submerged hole in the river bottom. as ollie is drying his clothes, a stage coach comes by. ollie quickly dresses, and they are able to ride the rest of the way into town. on the stage coach, they attempt to flirt with the woman (vivien oakland) who is riding with them. she rebuffs the pair, and upon arriving in brushwood gulch, she complains to her husband (stanley fields), whom we later discover is the town's sheriff. the angry husband draws his gun and orders the pair to leave on the next coach out of town, or else they'll be "riding out of here in a hearse". stan and ollie promise to do so once they have completed their mission. stan and ollie arrive at mickey finn's saloon as the avalon boys are performing j. leubrie hill's "at the ball, that's all" on the front porch. stan and ollie are captivated by the music, and perform a charming dance in front of a rear-projection scene of the main street of the town involving dozens of extras. when they explain to mickey finn why they are there and that stan and ollie have never seen mary before, finn has lola play mary in order to hijack the deed from them. stan and ollie are completely duped by the charade; but before leaving town, they encounter the real mary roberts and immediately try to get the deed back. the evil finns will not surrender the deed, and a major struggle ensues as stan and ollie attempt to reclaim the deed. stan manages to grab it, but lola traps him in the bedroom and wrests the deed from him by tickling him into hysterics. after further chasing, mickey and lola seal the deed in their safe. ollie momentarily believes he is saved when the sheriff knocks on the door of the finn's residence. but he discovers the sheriff to be the angry husband he met at the stage coach, and he chases stan and ollie out of town. on the way out, ollie again drops into the hole in the river. to reclaim the deed, stan and ollie sneak back into brushwood gulch at night. they arrive at the saloon and, after a series of mishaps (including laurel stretching hardy's neck an incredible 3 feet trying to free him from a trapdoor in which his head was stuck) they make it inside. they are met by mary. they manage to grab the deed after forcing mickey to open the safe at gun point with his own shotgun and escape with mary. while trying to chase after them, finn becomes entangled in the gate-grill at the front door. outside the town, the happy trio sing "we're going to see my home in dixie" as they ride into the future. once again, they wade across the very same shallow river, and ollie falls once again into the very same submerged hole that he did twice before.
corpus document1320
we who are about to die
a man is kidnapped by mobsters after quitting his job, then wrongly arrested, tried, and sentenced to death for murders they committed. a suspicious detective thinks he's innocent and works to save his life.
corpus document1321
wee willie winkie
during the british raj, sergeant donald macduff escorts joyce williams, an impoverished widow, and her young daughter, priscilla, to a remote military outpost on the northern frontier of india, to live with her stern father-in-law, colonel williams. along the way, they witness the capture of notorious rebel chief khoda khan. soon, priscilla, nicknamed 'wee willie winkie' by macduff, wins the hearts of all the soldiers, especially her grandfather and macduff; even khoda khan is touched by her visits to cheer him up in his captivity. meanwhile, her mother is courted by lieutenant brandes. khoda khan is rescued by his men in a daring night raid and a fight breaks out. macduff is fatally wounded while out on patrol. he passes away in the hospital while priscilla sings "auld lang syne" to him. priscilla decides to persuade khoda khan to stop fighting when mohammed-din, a soldier who is actually khan's spy, smuggles her out of the base and takes her to the rebel mountain fortress. khoda khan is greatly pleased; he thinks that the colonel will bring his entire regiment in a hopeless attempt to rescue her. colonel williams halts his force out of range and walks alone to the entrance. a few of khan's men start shooting at williams, and priscilla rushes to her grandfather's side. impressed by the colonel's courage and overcome with empathy for the child, khoda khan orders his men to stop firing. he agrees to negotiate and the war ends.
corpus document1322
wells fargo
in the early 1840s, wells & fargo employee ramsay mackay (joel mccrea) comes upon a broken down carriage in the countryside and gives belle justine pryor (frances dee) and her mother (mary nash) a lift into buffalo, new york, though he warns them he is in a hurry to make a delivery of fresh oysters. the ladies endure a very bumpy ride, and he arrives in time to enable his employer, henry wells (henry o'neill), to impress some bankers with the speed of his service. wells sends him to set up a branch office in st. louis, which is quite convenient, as the pryors reside there. mackay and justine begin seeing each other, though her mother disapproves, as does justine's more socially prominent suitor, talbot carter (johnny mack brown). impressed with mackay, in 1846, wells sends him to open trails to california. mackay takes along hank york (bob burns), a frontiersman who only works when he has to, and hank's constant indian companion, pawnee (bernard siegel). among his many duties, mackay sets out to transport gold from a mining settlement to san francisco. one of his customers is prospector dan trimball (robert cummings). when dan expresses his longing for his sweetheart back east, mackay recommends wells fargo's new shipping venture. elated, dan sends for his girl. meanwhile, when mackay sets out with the gold, he is shot and left for dead by two robbers. though he recovers, he is threatened by his miner customers, who do not believe he was robbed. fortunately, he shows them a draft from wells & fargo that will cover all their losses. when mackay and dan meet the ship in san francisco in 1851, passenger henry wells has a surprise for his star employee: justine has come too (though only with the blessing of her father, played by ralph morgan). the happy couple get married. though their union is strained at times by mackay being away so often on business, they have a daughter and remain in love. for the birth of their second child, justine sends her husband to fetch her mother. then comes the american civil war. the marriage is strained to the breaking point. desperately needed gold is sent repeatedly from the west to the union, but the shipments are intercepted. wells & fargo is assigned the task of transporting $2,000,000 in gold. mackay, chosen to lead the wagon train, meets with president lincoln (frank mcglynn), who emphasizes to him how crucial this shipment is. however, justine and mrs. pryor are fervent southern supporters, and justine's brother has been killed fighting for the confederacy. when mackay refuses justine's plea to shirk his duty, she overhears the secret route he will take and writes it down. at the last moment, she crumples up the letter, but her mother has no such scruples. she passes the document along without her daughter's knowledge. as a result, mackay is met by a confederate force led by talbot carter. mackay wins the battle, but both talbot and pawnee are killed. mackay finds the letter in his wife's handwriting among talbot's possessions. when he returns to san francisco, his house is empty. his wife and two children have gone with his mother-in-law. many years later, when mackay goes east for a dinner in his honor, he has an unexpected visitor afterward: his now teenage daughter alice (peggy stewart). she invites him to her seventeenth birthday party, but he declines, as he has to leave on business. however, he cannot stay away. when he enters, he sees his estranged wife and his heart softens. then he discovers that she was not responsible for the bloodshed, and they are fully reconciled.
corpus document1323
west of shanghai
on a train bound for lawless northern china, businessman gordon creed (ricardo cortez) encounters acquaintance myron galt (douglas wood) and his attractive daughter lola (sheila bromley). galt is on his way to foreclose on a very promising oilfield built up by jim hallet (gordon oliver). creed, on the other hand, wants to offer hallet enough money to pay off his loan from galt (for a tidy share of the oilfield). creed is annoyed when his reserved compartment is appropriated by general chow fu-shan (vladimir sokoloff). the general is on his way to deal with self-styled general wu yen fang (boris karloff), a warlord who has taken control of a province. however, chow fu-shan is assassinated on the train by one of fang's men. after being questioned by military governor general ma (tetsu komai), the three travel by horse to a remote town, where they find not only hallet (gordon oliver), but creed's estranged wife jane (beverly roberts), who is working for missionary dr. abernathy (gordon hart). then, fang's subordinate, captain kung nui (chester gan) and his men take over the town. when kung nui casts his eyes on jane, hallet impulsively punches him. jane and hallet have fallen in love, though she does not believe in divorce and has kept their relationship strictly platonic. hallet is knocked out and imprisoned. when fang arrives, he tries to persuade jane to go with him, promising she would enjoy it (blithely explaining "i am fang"). hallet escapes with the help of an associate disguised as one of fang's soldiers, and sends him to notify general ma of fang's whereabouts. hallet then breaks in on fang and jane's private discussion. fortunately for hallet, fang remembers him. hallet once hid a coolie and dug three bullets out of his shoulder; that was fang before his meteoric rise. the warlord decides to help his benefactor. fang robs creed of $50,000, uses it to pay galt what hallet owes, then takes the money and offers it to dr. abernathy. creed bribes captain kung nui to rebel against fang. kung nui wants to regain face by having hallet executed. fang pretends to give in, but just before a firing squad shoots the oilman, fang has his right-hand man, mr. cheng (richard loo), kill kung nui. afterward, fang personally shoots creed to fix hallet's romantic problem, but only manages to wound him. government troops arrive and force their way into the town. in the confusion, jane, accompanied by hallet, goes to attend to her husband's wound. creed produces a gun and announces that hallet is going to have a fatal accident, but is killed by fang. with the battle lost, fang decides to surrender rather than risk the lives of his captives by fighting to the end. he is taken out and shot.
corpus document1324
when you're in love
jimmy hudson (cary grant) is a vagabond american artist in mexico who can't pay his hotel bill. louise fuller (grace moore) is an acclaimed classical singer recently expelled from the u.s. to mexico on an expired visa, and desperate to get back in. she hires hudson to marry her so that she can regain entry to the united states in time to give a benefit performance, stipulating that he must divorce her within six months to receive his final payment. hudson agrees only because he sees something special in her, but thinks she has lost her way both personally and artistically in fame, her entourage, and her career. once they have returned to the country and gone their separate ways, hudson begins pursuing her, hoping to bridge their differences by drawing her from her own gilded world into his, and thus to turn their sham marriage into something real.
corpus document1325
wild and woolly
as described in a film magazine review,[1] jeff hillington (fairbanks), son of railroad magnate collis j. hillington (bytell), tires of the east and longs for the wild and woolly west. he has his apartment and office fixed up in his understanding of the accepted western style, which he has gleaned from dime novels. a delegation from bitter creek comes to new york city seeking financial backing for the construction of a spur line, and go to collis to explain their proposition. collis sends jeff to investigate. the citizens of bitter creek, arizona, realizing that a favorable report from jeff is necessary, decide to live up to jeff's idea of a western town. they set up a program with a wild reception for jeff, a barroom dance, and a train holdup. steve shelby (de grasse), a grafting indian agent, knowing that he is about to be caught by the government, decides to do "one more trick" and enters into the plan to rob the train, turning it into a real scheme. events turn earnest and shelby kidnaps nell larabee (percy), with whom jeff has fallen in love. the entire crowd has been trapped in the dance hall, which is surrounded by indians, and jeff's revolver loaded with blanks. when the situation is finally explained to jeff, by superhuman efforts (and typical fairbanks surprises) he rounds up the indians, rescues the girl, completely foils the scheme of steve, and becomes the hero of the hour, getting to marry nell.
corpus document1326
wine, women and horses
his gal pal valerie buys compulsive gambler jim a meal after he goes broke. jim takes off for points unknown and, stopping in a small midwest town, he wins $20 off of george mayhew in a game of horseshoes, then returns the money when he learns george can't afford to lose it. jim takes a liking to george's sister, marjorie, and it's mutual. she spurns her beau pres to marry jim, despite her reservations about his gambling. jim promises to get a job and does, as a chicago hotel's night manager. a guest there, bright, is impressed with jim's $300 win in a dice game. jim accepts his job offer to look after bright's racehorses, but marjorie leaves him. valerie teams up with jim for a $20,000 racetrack payday. he has lost his wife, however, returning home to find she's in love with pres now and wants a divorce. jim has a new horse, lady luck, and realizes now that val will become more than just a pal.
corpus document1327
wings over honolulu
lauralee curtis is introduced to a navy lieutenant, pilot sam "stony" gilchrist, at her 20th-birthday party. it is love at first sight. two days later, they are husband and wife. stony's next base will be in honolulu, hawaii, but at the last minute, he receives orders to drop everything and fly to washington, d.c.. he kisses his new bride goodbye and she boards a ship to honolulu by herself. on board, lauralee encounters an admiral's daughter, rosalind furness, who treats her coldly. the admiral explains that everyone had assumed rosalind would be the one to marry stony. by the time the ship reaches port, rosalind has made it abundantly clear to lauralee that she is standing by in case the marriage doesn't work out. lauralee becomes lonely in honolulu until she runs into an old friend, greg, and begins socializing with him. complications ensue until lauralee ultimately believes she must leave stony because she is harmful to his career. when she and greg are aboard a sailboat, stony buzzes them in his plane and ends up in a military courtroom, his career at risk. rosalind gloats that now stony can be hers, but he goes after lauralee and all ends well.
corpus document1328
wise girl
susan fletcher (miriam hopkins) and her millionaire father, simon (henry stephenson), are eager to take care of her late sister's two daughters, joan and katie, but her deceased brother-in-law's will placed them in the custody of his brother, john o'halloran (ray milland). mr. fletcher's lawyers inform him that there is nothing they can do, unless john can be shown to be unemployed. however, though he loses jobs frequently, he also seems to be able to find new ones just as quickly. susan decides to investigate. she passes herself off as an impoverished actress and talks john's kindly landlord into giving her a place to stay. she becomes acquainted with john, a struggling painter, the two girls, and their friends, boxer/sculptor mike malloy (guinn williams) and harmless alcoholic karl stevens (walter abel). susan and john begin to fall in love, but when susan tries to help him out, it only seems to lose him all of his jobs. when she informs her father of these developments, he is delighted. despite her protests, he has the authorities pick up the two girls for a custody hearing. john learns of susan's real identity, and assumes she is in on the plot. as john is now out of work, the girls are given to the fletchers. when it becomes clear to susan that they are desperately unhappy to be away from john, she tells them they can go home. however, when they find her weeping over the whole mess, they agree that her plan to keep them so that john will have time to paint is a good one, and agree to stay. stubborn, john rejects susan's suggestion that he enter a painting contest with a large prize of money. susan gets the police to put john in jail on trumped up charges, and sees to it that he gets no food unless he paints. he finally caves in, then paints an unflattering caricature of her and her father. to his surprise, susan is delighted with the work and arranges to sell it for a large sum. when john is released, he realizes that susan is looking out for his welfare, and the couple reconcile.
corpus document1329
woman chases man
b.j. nolan tries to get his millionaire son kenneth to invest $100,000 in a housing development called nolan heights. however, b.j. has a long history of backing crazy projects (which is why his wife left all her money to her son in her will), so kenneth turns him down. architect virginia travis, unaware that b.j. has no money and is besieged by process servers, tries to get him to hire her. after b.j. breaks the news to her, she faints, having not eaten in 49 hours. he takes her back to his mansion. when she learns that b.j.'s son is wealthy, she decides to use her wiles to extract the money they need from him, aided by b.j. and her married friends judy and hunk. the latter two masquerade as b.j.'s servants (b.j. had to let his old servants go as he could not pay them) when kenneth returns from a cruise with his girlfriend nina and her "uncle" henri. nina is in fact a golddigger after kenneth's money, while henri is her secret lover. virginia first concocts a scheme to have kenneth sign five checks for household expenses at once using a mechanical device, one of b.j.'s many failures. kenneth signs without noticing that one check is for $100,000, but when virginia and b.j. go to the bank, mr. judd informs them that kenneth has to authorize any check over $1000. defeated, they return home. meanwhile, nina plots to get kenneth drunk, so he will propose to her. virginia has the same general idea. after a few drinks, she and kenneth discover they like the same things and eventually begin kissing, prompting virginia to have second thoughts about her scheme. she then passes out from drinking too much. kenneth carries her off to deposit her in her bed, past a fuming nina. shortly afterward, b.j. wakes her up and cajoles her into trying again for the money while his son is still somewhat drunk. she goes to kenneth's room, but when nina makes an appearance, hides in a tree outside his window. her dressing gown gets caught in a branch. kenneth comes out to free her. he finds the contract b.j. had drawn up and is eager to sign it. virginia tries to stop him by dousing him with a bucket of water that b.j. had brought. even in his now sober state and with virginia confessing all, he still wants to finance the project. he then embraces her.
corpus document1330
the woman i love
in world war i, french fighter pilot lt. claude maury (paul muni) gains a bad reputation in his squadron, flying off on "lone wolf" missions. more importantly, maury continually returns to base with his air observers/gunners killed or wounded. others believe he is either "jinxed" or dangerous, and only lt. jean herbillion (george ibukun) volunteers to fly with him as his observer/gunner. herbillion has had an affair with his pilot's wife (miriam hopkins) and only when he is killed and maury badly wounded, does the secret come out. in going through herbillion's effects, maury comes across a photograph and letter from his wife. she confesses to the affair and begs forgiveness. in the end, he relents as she nurses him back to health.
corpus document1331
you can't beat love
jimmy hughes (preston foster) is a fun-loving carouser who can't resist a dare. he is awakened by his gentleman's gentleman jasper (herbert mundin) after a drunken evening in which he misappropriated a milk truck, and instructs jasper to see that the damages (thirty dollars worth of lost milk) are paid and the truck is returned. accompanied by jasper, jimmy then fulfills a bet by putting in a day of hard work digging ditches in formal wear, good-naturedly tangling with other crew members in the process. he donates his winnings to a children's charity. when a campaign truck stops by the site to dispense free cake and solicit support for mayor olson's re-election, jimmy engages in a heckling match with a campaign worker who proves to be the mayor's daughter, trudy olson (joan fontaine). trudy angrily suggests that he throw his hat in the ring, and in a bluff, he declares that he will. when the newspapers run with the story, jimmy is caught by surprise and the mayor's campaign is concerned. trudy visits jimmy at his home with a cake to patch things up, and as he pledges to clear up the misunderstanding, the two become mutually attracted. trudy accompanies jimmy to the newspaper office the next day to help him announce his withdrawal, but she mistakenly dares him to run for real, obliging him to do so. jimmy pledges a clean campaign, but still ruffles trudy at times as he continues to pursue her. things begin to go well between them again as jimmy helps trudy save a child who has stolen ice from an ice truck from punishment, and they steal a fun ride on the back of the truck together. the corrupt police chief, who works for the mayor, secretly attempts to frame jimmy by luring him to a phony love nest with a hired woman (barbara pepper) and a waiting photographer, but catches jimmy's friend instead. in retaliation, jimmy recruits the woman's jealous boyfriend, a gangster, to involve the police chief in a citywide gambling ring. as the mayor comes under criticism for the resulting scandal, trudy visits jimmy's campaign office and overhears him colluding with the gamblers. at a debate on election eve, she accuses him of being behind the ring. jimmy produces a check designating all gambling proceeds to a children's charity, and plays a recording for the crowd of the police chief agreeing to participate in the criminal profits. he also has a recording of the mayor angrily confronting the police chief, proving the mayor's innocence. jimmy then endorses the mayor for re-election as the guilty parties are arrested. the press asks for a photo of jimmy kissing trudy, and she dares him.
corpus document1332
you can't have everything
judith poe wells (alice faye) is a would-be playwright who has almost no money. as a result of ordering a meal in a restaurant where she cannot afford to pay, she meets george macrae (don ameche), a musical writer with a lot of power. he offers her play north winds to producer sam woods. he knows it isn't any good, but he has fallen in love with her and does it to win her over.
corpus document1333
youth on parole
'bobbie' blake, (marian marsh), and phillip henderson, (gordon oliver), are complete strangers, looking in a jewellery store window, when a hood known as “the sparkler”, (miles mander), sets them up to take the wrap, stashing some of the loot in their pockets, as the gang makes their getaway. no one believes that they’re innocent, not even their public defender. when they serve their time in "the joint", no one will give them a break, with their prison record, not even their own families; and, they can’t keep a job. their landlady, mrs. abernathy, (margaret dumont), likes them, and encourages them to get married. despite the danger, phil convinces bobbi that their only chance is to see “the sparkler” and even the score.
corpus document1334
accidents will happen
eric gregg is an insurance investigator whose avaricious wife nona wants him to make more money. after he solves a case and is promised a raise, nona buys a fur coat on credit, misses a payment and perpetrates a fraud with the help of thurston, the loan company's boss. eric ends up losing his job after a rival, dawson, exposes the fraud. eric and a cigarette girl, patricia carmody, begin pulling insurance scams of their own. nona ends up marrying thurston and leaving him. when the law comes after them, it turns out eric and patricia have been working undercover, so nona and thurston go off to jail while eric gets back his old job, plus a raise.
corpus document1335
the adventures of marco polo
nicolo polo shows treasures from china and sends his son marco polo (gary cooper) there with his assistant (and comic relief) binguccio (ernest truex). they sail from venice, are shipwrecked, and cross the desert of persia and the mountains of tibet to china, to seek out peking and the palace of china's ruler, kublai khan (george barbier). the philosopher/fireworks-maker chen tsu (h. b. warner) is the first friend they make in the city, and invites them into his home for a meal of spaghetti. children explode a fire-cracker, and marco thinks it could be a weapon. meanwhile, at the palace, ahmed (basil rathbone), the emperor's adviser, harboring dubious ambitions of his own, convinces emperor kublai khan that his army of a million men can conquer japan. kublai khan promises princess kukachin (sigrid gurie) to the king of persia. marco, arriving at the palace, sees kukachin praying for a handsome husband. marco is granted an audience with the emperor at the same time as a group of ladies-in-waiting arrive; kublai khan lets marco test the maidens to find out which are the most worthy. marco tests them all with a question ("how many teeth does a snapping turtle have?"), and he sends off the ones who had incorrectly guessed the answer, as well as those who had told him the correct answer (none), retaining those saying they did not know. his reasoning behind this is that they are the perfect ladies-in-waiting, not overly intelligent, and honest. kublai agrees and marco immediately becomes a favored guest. ahmed shows marco his private tower with vultures and executes a spy via a trapdoor into a lion pit. kukachin tells marco that she is going to marry the king of persia, but, having fallen in love with her, he shows her what a kiss is. a guard tells ahmed, who vows to keep marco out of the way. ahmed then advises kublai khan to send marco into the desert to spy on suspected rebels. kukachin warns marco of the deceiving ahmed.
corpus document1336
the adventures of robin hood
richard the lionheart (ian hunter), the king of england, is taken captive in 1191 by leopold v, duke of austria while returning to england. richard’s treacherous brother, prince john (claude rains), usurps the throne and proceeds to oppress the saxons. robin of locksley (errol flynn), a saxon nobleman, saves much (herbert mundin) from being apprehended for poaching by guy of gisbourne (basil rathbone). only robin openly opposes prince john. at gisbourne's castle, robin boldly tells john, his norman followers, and the initially contemptuous lady marian fitzwalter (olivia de havilland) that he will do all in his power to restore richard to the throne. he then escapes. he, his friend will scarlet (patric knowles) and much take refuge in sherwood forest and recruit little john (alan hale, sr.), friar tuck (eugene pallette) and others. branded as outlaws, robin and his band fight against prince john's tyranny. robin and his men capture a large party of normans transporting tax money extorted from the saxons. among robin's "guests" are sir guy of gisbourne, the cowardly sheriff of nottingham (melville cooper), and lady marian. at first disdainful of robin, marian comes to realize he is right about norman brutality. robin allows the humiliated sir guy and the sheriff to leave sherwood, telling them that they have lady marian's presence to thank for their being spared. the sheriff devises a cunning scheme to capture robin by announcing an archery tournament with the prize of a golden arrow to be presented by marian. all goes as planned: robin cannot resist the temptation. he wins the tournament, but is captured and sentenced to hang. marian helps robin's men rescue him. when he later sneaks in to see her, they pledge their love for each other, but marian declines to leave with him, believing she can best help by acting as a spy. king richard and his men secretly return to england, disguised as monks. at a roadside inn, the bishop of the black canons (montagu love) recognizes him and alerts prince john. dickon malbete (harry cording), a degraded knight, agrees to dispose of richard in return for the restoration of his rank and robin's manor and estate. marian overhears their plot and writes a note to robin, but gisbourne finds it and has her arrested. marian's confidante, bess (una o'connor), sends much to warn robin. on the way, he intercepts and kills dickon, but is wounded. as richard and his men travel through sherwood forest, they are stopped by robin and his men. when asked if he supports richard, the incognito king replies, "i love no man better" and accepts robin's invitation to dine. much tells robin of marian's peril and that richard is now in england. robin orders a search to find and protect the king. then richard reveals himself. robin devises a plan to sneak into nottingham castle. he coerces the bishop of the black canons to include his men, disguised as monks, in his entourage for john's coronation. in the great hall, richard reveals himself to the assembled nobles, and a melee breaks out. robin and gisbourne engage in a prolonged swordfight, ending with gisbourne's death. john's faction is defeated. richard exiles john and his followers for his lifetime and pardons the outlaws. he elevates robin hood to baron of locksley and earl of sherwood and nottingham, and commands that robin marry the lady marian. with marian by his side, robin replies, "may i obey all your commands with equal pleasure, sire!"
corpus document1337
the adventures of tom sawyer
the united artists release includes most of the sequences familiar to readers of the book, including the fence-whitewashing episode; a wild raft ride down the mississippi river; tom and huckleberry finn's attendance at their own funeral, after the boys, who were enjoying an adventure on a remote island, are presumed dead; the murder trial of local drunkard muff potter; and tom and becky thatcher's flight through a cave as they try to escape from injun joe, who is revealed to be the real killer.
corpus document1338
the affairs of annabel
lannie (jack oakie) has annabel (lucille ball) taken into prison in order to generate publicity before the release of her new movie. however, when annabel is released a month later, she finds that nobody has noticed, and she has lannie fired. but when he pays a struggling actress to pretend to be his sick mother, annabel has lannie rehired, and he immediately begins plotting his next stunt. the head of wonder pictures informs annabel that her film has been canceled, and that she is to star in a new film, the maid and the man. lannie arranges to have her work as "mary", a maid for the fletchers, their teenage son robert (lee van atta), and inventor "major" (thurston hall). while robert becomes infatuated with annabel, she is expected to cook and clean for the family, so she calls on lannie to help. meanwhile, the investors interested in one of major's inventions, a rubber ring placed around a plate so that it will bounce rather than break when dropped, appear in the morning newspaper as robbers. they are in fact waiting for their own publicity to die down so that they can make a getaway. back at wonder pictures, the maid and the man has been scrapped, but when lannie calls annabel to tell her, she answers that she can't leave. though first confused, he finds annabel's police mug shot in the paper along with the robbers, and forms a plan to outfit fifty extras as policemen (plus a police seargent and captain). as they march towards the house firing blanks, the robbers return fire with real bullets, and the extras scatter. lannie sneaks into the house alone, but is captured. when the real policemen arrive, the robbers try to make a break for it, using lannie and allison as shields. instead, annabel uses her martial arts training to throw one of the robbers to the ground, while lannie bites the other. annabel returns to wonder pictures and is disappointed to find that the maid and the man has been replaced by the diamond smuggler, in which she is to play the lead. on her way out, annabel picks up a gift which lannie had arranged for her to receive, and is apprehended when the police open it to discover the precious jewels inside. lannie watches on from the front of the new billboard for the diamond smuggler as annabel is driven away screaming.
corpus document1339
algiers
pepe le moko (boyer) is a notorious thief, who, after his last great heist, escaped from france to algeria. since his escape, moko became a resident and leader of the immense casbah, or "native quarter", of algiers. french officials arrive insisting on pepe's capture are met with unfazed local detectives, led by inspector slimane (calleia), who are biding their time. meanwhile, pepe begins to feel increasingly trapped in his prison-like stronghold, a feeling which intensifies after meeting the beautiful gaby (lamarr), who is visiting from france. his love for gaby soon arouses the jealousy of ines (gurie), pepe's algerian mistress.
corpus document1340
always goodbye
following the death of her fiancé as he was speeding to their wedding, margot weston is left pregnant and devastated. a former doctor, jim howard, helps the desperate margot. when her son is born, jim helps her find a home for the baby with phil marshall and his wife. margot insists that neither the marshalls nor the child can ever know that she is his mother. five years later, while working as a well-paid buyer for couturier, harriet martin, margot meets jim howard again, and the two begin to fall in love. when margot is sent to europe on a business trip for harriet, she meets and is wooed by the charming and carefree, count giovanni corini. while in paris, she happens to meet her son, roddy, who is traveling with his aunt, who has been taking care of the boy since his adoptive mother died. on the trip back to america, margot and roddy become close. giovanni is also on the same ship, and he continues to pursue margot. back home, margot becomes convinced that jessica reid, phil marshall's new fiancée, does not love him, and would be a bad mother to roddy. margot decides to break up the engagement, though jim, beginning a career as a scientist, reminds her of her earlier promise not to interfere in the boy's life. phil overhears a conversation between margot and jessica which brings their engagement to an end. meanwhile, jim and margot become engaged, but then phil asks margot to marry him for his and roddy's sake. though she admits she loves jim, he steps aside so that she can have a life with roddy and phil.
corpus document1341
always in trouble
geraldine "jerry" darlington felt happier before her father j.c. struck it rich in the oil business and moved the family to florida. she is irritated by her dad no longer working and her beautiful sister virginia being pursued by men interested more by her money. a meek clerk from her dad's office, pete graham, is persuaded by jerry to steer the family's boat. he accidentally runs the vessel aground and ends up falsely suspected of knocking j.c. unconscious and kidnapping the darlingtons for ransom. jerry amuses herself at first by not supporting pete's story, but when real crooks get involved, pete is able to clear his name and persuade virginia he's sincere about his attraction to her.
corpus document1342
the amazing dr. clitterhouse
dr. clitterhouse (edward g. robinson) is a wealthy society doctor in new york city who decides to research the medical aspects of the behavior of criminals directly by becoming one. he begins a series of daring jewel robberies, measuring his own blood pressure, temperature and pulse before, during and afterwards, but yearns for a larger sample for his study. from one of his patients, police inspector lewis lane (donald crisp), he learns the name of the biggest fence in the city, joe keller. he goes to meet keller to sell what he has stolen, only to find out that "joe" is actually "jo" (claire trevor). the doctor impresses jo and a gang of thieves headed by 'rocks' valentine (humphrey bogart) with his exploits, so jo invites him to join them, and he accepts. dr. clitterhouse pretends to take a six-week vacation in europe. as "the professor", he proceeds to wrest leadership of the gang (and the admiration of jo) away from rocks, making him extremely resentful. when they rob a fur warehouse, rocks locks his rival in a cold-storage vault, but clitterhouse is freed by butch (maxie rosenbloom), a gang member that jo had assigned to keep watch on him. afterwards, clitterhouse announces he is quitting; he has enough data from studying the gang during their robberies, and his "vacation" time is up. he returns the gang to rocks' control. however, rocks learns dr. clitterhouse's real identity and shows up at his park avenue office. rocks tries to blackmail the doctor into using his office as a safehouse as they rob the doctor's own wealthy friends. clitterhouse learns that rocks will not let him publish his incriminating research, and also realizes that he has not studied the ultimate crime – murder – which will be the final chapter to his book. so, he gives a poisoned drink to rocks, and he studies his symptoms as he dies. jo helps dispose of the body in the river, but it is recovered and the poison is detected by the police. the doctor is ultimately caught by his friend inspector lane and placed on trial. he insists that he did everything for purely scientific reasons and claims that his book is a "sane book" and that it is "impossible for an insane man to write a sane book". his determination to show that he is sane, and therefore willing to face the death penalty, convinces the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity.
corpus document1343
angels with dirty faces
in 1923, two youths, rocky sullivan (frankie burke) and jerry connolly (william tracy), attempt to rob a railroad car carrying fountain pens. jerry escapes from the police, while rocky is caught and sentenced to reform school. thirteen years later, rocky (james cagney) is arrested for armed robbery. his lawyer and co-conspirator, jim frazier (humphrey bogart), asks him to take the blame and, in exchange, he will give rocky the stolen $100,000 on the day he is released. rocky agrees and is sentenced to three years in prison. after serving his sentence, he returns to his old neighborhood and visits jerry (pat o'brien), who is now a catholic priest. jerry advises rocky to get a place "in the old parish", so rocky rents a room in a boarding house run by laury martin (ann sheridan), a girl he bullied in school. he then pays a visit to frazier's casino. frazier claims to have been unaware of rocky's release, but he promises to have the $100,000 ready by the end of the week, and he gives rocky $500 spending money. rocky is pickpocketed after leaving the casino. the culprits turn out to be a group of youths: soapy (billy halop), swing (bobby jordan), bim (leo gorcey), pasty (gabriel dell), crab (huntz hall), and hunky (bernard punsly). they admire rocky's reputation and criminal lifestyle so, after retrieving his wallet, rocky invites them to dinner. while they are eating, jerry arrives and asks the gang why they have not been playing basketball. with rocky's help, he convinces them to play against another team. at the match, jerry and laury express equal concern over the negative influence rocky may be having on the gang. while walking home, frazier's hit squad makes an attempt on rocky's life. he survives and retaliates by kidnapping frazier, raiding his house at gunpoint and stealing $2,000 and a ledger. frazier's business partner, mac keefer (george bancroft), gives rocky his $100,000 in full, but mac informs the police of the kidnapping. rocky is arrested, but after discovering he has possession of the ledger, frazier tells the police it was all a "misunderstanding", and rocky is released. jerry learns of the kidnapping, and decides to go to the press to expose corruption in new york. rocky tries unsuccessfully to reason with him. on the radio, jerry denounces the corruption, as well as rocky, frazier and keefer. frazier and keefer assure rocky that no harm will come to jerry, but he overhears their plans to kill them both. rocky kills frazier and keefer instead and, after escaping the casino, makes his way to an abandoned warehouse where he kills a police officer. a standoff ensues with other police. jerry arrives and tries to reason with rocky, telling him the entire building is surrounded, but rocky takes him hostage. while trying to escape, rocky is shot in the leg and caught. after standing trial, he is sentenced to death. on the night of his execution, jerry pleads with rocky to show people that he died a coward by begging for mercy on his way to the death house, citing the negative influence he has had on soapy and the gang as his reason. rocky refuses, but on his way to the electric chair, he does start begging and screaming for mercy. later, soapy and the gang read of how rocky "turned yellow" in the face of his execution, and they lose all respect for him.
corpus document1344
annabel takes a tour
frustrated at being upstaged in the press by a colleague who's making headlines with her aristocratic fiancé, movie star annabel allison insists that studio chief howard webb rehire dangerously resourceful publicist lanny morgan. allison, morgan, josephine, and poochy depart by train for chicago on a public-appearance tour in conjunction with the premiere of allison's latest film. morgan accidentally sends allison through a trap door as she addresses the chicago audience, and he attempts unsuccessfully to capitalize on the mishap for pr purposes by exaggerating allison's injuries. while recuperating in her hotel, allison learns that author ronald river-clyde is staying down the hall, and she realizes his aristocratic title could solve her publicity problems. she and morgan work independently to manipulate river-clyde into a high-profile date with annabel; but when annabel gets so carried away with her fantasies of accommodating the viscount's presumed loftiness that she decides to shun publicity, she finds herself at cross purposes with her press agent. while annabel pursues a quiet relationship with river-clyde, lanny keeps trying to push them into the spotlight. meanwhile, an initially baffled river-clyde has been persuaded by his publisher to use annabel for his own publicity, so he does not resist annabel's romantic pursuit of him. when annabel goes so far as to give up her career, morgan tries to break up the romance, for which purpose he engages a hotel manicurist with hollywood ambitions to confront river-clyde onstage at annabel's rescheduled premiere, claiming to be an abandoned wife. the manicurist is a dolt and the stunt does not come off; but, immediately thereafter, river-clyde is confronted by his real wife and children, who have traveled from england to intervene, with legal assistance. annabel and her entourage escape the process server by boarding a train. when morgan discovers that river-clyde and his family are also on the train, he disconnects the caboose so that annabel and her party drift free.
corpus document1345
army girl
capt. dike conger and m/sgt. "three star" hennessy are sent with their new light tank for tests against horse cavalry under desert conditions. in an extended hell for leather race amongst a variety of obstacles, their tank wins against col. armstrong's 31st cavalry. during this period the colonel's daughter julie masquerades as a southern belle with no connection with the army to date dike who vows to have nothing to do with army girls; the daughters of officers or soldiers. enjoying each other's company dike discovers that julie is actually the colonel's daughter but has fallen in love with her. due to the tank winning the competition, army headquarters orders that captain dike conger take over the command of the 31st cavalry from the kindly old colonel armstrong. though julie and the officers and troopers of the regiment despise dike for doing this, the gentlemanly colonel armstrong suggests a scheme to win his regiment over; the colonel and dike swap mounts. however, in a wild ride inside the tank both the colonel and "three star" are killed when the tank goes out of control. dike is court martialled but all discover an unsavoury truth.
corpus document1346
artists and models abroad
the story starts off with joan bennett playing patricia harper the heiress of a billionaire oil tycoon, james harper, having dinner with mrs. isabel channing and elliott winthrop whom mrs. channing wants patricia to marry. caught up in mrs. channing’s need to behave ‘proper’ patricia expresses her wish to live a normal life and enjoy simple mundane things. elliott announces his promotion as us ambassador to france. he is then called away to the consulate to handle a problem at the gate. this is where elliott meets the american dance troupe led by buck boswell (jack benny) asking for an emergency fare back to the u.s. . elliott declares that there is no such contingency in the budget for such an occasion or else no one would buy a return flight home and wishes them luck before presumably returning to dinner. buck then promises the troop that he’ll get them back and brings them to an expensive hotel on the premise that they don’t have the money to pay for it regardless so they might as well live it up. upon their arrival, buck and the yacht club boys (named swifty, dopey, jimmy, and kelly in the film) convince the owner of the hotel that they have money and are used to paying at the end of their stay instead of the beginning. the owner mesmerized by the thought that all americans have money allows them to move into their rooms against the will of his wife. however the next day, while the troupe is practicing their cowboy & indians routine, the hotel owners wife locks them out of their rooms and in order for their rooms to be unlocked she insists that they pay their bill. with their stuff requisitions the guys are pushed by the girls to go out and find jobs so that they can have their stuff back. buck receives 5 francs from one of the girls, the last 5 francs to any of the troupe's name. walking down the street, buck is called on by patricia harper who recognizes him as american by his cowboy outfit. she tells him that she has left her money in her hotel room and asks him to cover the 3 franc bill for her breakfast, which he does. then, thinking she’s a scammer who also has not a penny to her name, he invites her to act with his troupe. seeking adventures as a normal person- patricia keeps her wealth a secret a plays along. they go back to the hotel and patricia pretends to be suicidal and lures the staff to the roof, meanwhile, the troupe grabs the keys to get their stuff. after the scene the staff wises up and calls the police on the troupe who is joined by patricia's’ father whom found her after she let mrs. channing know she wasn’t coming home. the troupe is now forced to climb through the window and parkour to another building in order to escape the police. still running from the police they manage to hide out in an old studio full of mannequins that they think is abandoned. after evading the police by posing as mannequins they decide to spend the night. upon waking up they hear people talking- thinking it’s the police they prepare to run. overhearing a producers conversation buck realizes that it’s a theater that’s putting on a performing arts piece. buck runs into another troupe from russia who thinks he is the producer and he turns them away for his troupe to take their spot. after rehearsals, patricia's father sees the royal jewels in a case and asks if he can buy it- not realizing what it is. after being declined he swipes it before the troupe leaves. upon realizing the jewels are gone there is a mad hunt for the jewel thieves. patricia’s father has a copy of it made for patricia, as a present. the two jewels get mixed up while patricia’s father shows it to ms. channing. buck is back at patricia’s father’s hotel where he planned on gifting the replica necklace to her. he hides it but buck finds it while snooping around, suspicious of her father. there is a knock on the door and a mad scramble to ditch the hotel room. while this is going on buck stays behind and is introduced to a man while the troupe is running away away because they think it’s the police still after them. the man turns out to be an oil magnate who patricia father plans to sell his oil to, and buck, thinking that the old man is running a scam on the oil magnate, rips up the contract. buck then becomes wise and tells the troupe that he’ll get them home by returning the jewels and either the french being grateful and giving them fare home or by thinking they stole it and deporting them. the french lock him and the troupe up but upon realizing the jewels were a replica they let buck go and sent people to follow him. buck goes to confront patricia and her father who are out at dinner with elliot and ms. channing. there’s a struggle and the jewels get stuck on the roof, after retrieving it they are all promptly arrested. back at the police station everything comes to light about everyone’s real identity. everyone is released and buck & patricia get married with their new found riches.
corpus document1347
the baroness and the butler
johann porok, a third-generation butler in the service of count albert sandor, the prime minister of hungary, is unexpectedly elected to the hungarian parliament, representing the opposition social progressive party. despite this, he insists on remaining a servant as well. count sandor is pleased with this peculiar arrangement, as he has found johann to be the perfect butler and does not wish to break in a new man. his daughter, baroness katrina marissey, however, considers johann a traitor and treats him very coldly. in parliament, johann attacks the prime minister, his employer, for yearly promising much to the poor underclass and delivering nothing, always citing "difficulties". to katrina's puzzlement, the count is not offended in the least and remains quite friendly with johann. within three months, johann becomes the leader of his party. katrina becomes more and more furious, finally throwing her purse and striking johann in parliament during one of his scathing speeches. when his colleagues assume it was thrown by someone from the ruling conservative party, a brawl breaks out, and johann and the prime minister hastily depart. baron georg marissey, katrina's husband and another member of parliament, later informs them that a vote of confidence was held after they left; the count lost and will have to resign as prime minister. he is pleased to be able to spend more time with his wife. however, he reluctantly discharges johann, as he has been neglecting his duties as head butler. they part good friends. when katrina holds a ball, her ambitious husband invites johann without her knowledge. left alone together, katrina gradually warms to johann. then he confesses that he loves her, and that is why he is trying to better himself, even though he knows his cause is hopeless. katrina embraces and kisses him. they are interrupted by georg and major andros, another ardent admirer of katrina. in private, georg offers to divorce katrina in return for johann nominating him for the office of minister of commerce. despite katrina's strong opposition, johann does just that in parliament. however, katrina denounces the bargain in public, and georg is forced to leave the parliamentary chamber in disgrace. in the final scene, johann porok is served breakfast in bed by the "maid", katrina, who is revealed to be mrs. porok.
corpus document1348
battle of broadway
homer c. bundy (raymond walburn), the president of the bundy steel company of bundy, pennsylvania, sends troublesome employees "big" ben wheeler (victor mclaglen) and "chesty" webb (brian donlevy) to new york city to break up bundy's son jack's (robert kellard) engagement to suspected gold digger marjorie clark (lynn bari). jack discovers his father's plot, and turns the tables on the brawling steelworkers: he asks gorgeous linda lee (gypsy rose lee)--the object of the competitive big ben's and chesty's amorous pursuits—to pretend she's his fiancé, to put the boys off the trail. trouble ensues when homer arrives in nyc...and falls for linda.
corpus document1349
the big broadcast of 1938
in what is being billed as "the race of the ages," the new forty-million-dollar “radio powered” streamlined ocean liner s.s. gigantic (“america’s challenge for crossing record”) is about to race its rival, the slightly smaller s.s. colossal across the atlantic from new york’s pier 97 to cherbourg in two-and-a-half days. gigantic owner t. frothingill “t.f.” bellows (w. c. fields) intends to send his nearly identical younger brother s.b. (also fields) to sail aboard the colossal, hoping he will cause trouble and sabotage the rival ship, enabling the gigantic and his own bellows line to win. however s.b., who is held back due to a golf game, ends up flying over the ocean to meet the colossal en route and mistakenly lands aboard the deck of the gigantic instead, much to the consternation of captain stafford (russell hicks). matters are made worse for the gigantic when s.b.’s outrageously unlucky daughter martha (martha raye) is brought onboard, being rescued after surviving the shipwreck of the yacht, hesperus v. popular obc radio emcee buzz fielding (bob hope), who has just been released from “alimony jail” and is broadcasting live from the gigantic, is trying to juggle his three ex-wives cleo (shirley ross), grace (grace bradley), and joan (lorna gray); his lukewarm girlfriend dorothy wyndham (dorothy lamour); and his inept microphone assistant mike (ben blue). buzz does his best throughout the voyage to announce the progress of the race and introduce a series of musical acts for the pleasure of the passengers and obc’s radio audience. meanwhile, dorothy is romanced by first officer (and inventor of the gigantic’s enormous radio power plant) robert hayes (leif erickson), just as buzz and joan get sentimental about their broken marriage.
corpus document1350
block-heads
in the trenches of world war i, ollie, stan and the rest of their army company are ready to go 'over the top', but stan is ordered to stay behind to guard the trench. scenes of fighting are then followed by the caption 'armistice'. twenty years pass, and stan is still guarding the post, as shown by the huge pile of bean cans he has accumulated, and the path he has worn pacing back and forth on guard. he is found by accident (after firing on a plane he sees approaching) and goes home, feted as a hero. ollie, who has been married for a year to the formidable mrs. hardy (minna gombell), sees him in a newspaper and visits him in the veterans' home. he finds stan in a wheelchair, having apparently lost a leg, and invites him home. however, stan is in fact just resting in another veteran's wheelchair and ollie only finds out he still has both legs after pushing him around in the chair and then carrying him. they reach ollie's automobile, which he says belongs to his wife and is 'practically new', but stan quickly manages to completely wreck it. the two men then start to climb thirteen flights of stairs to ollie's apartment, because they think the elevator is out of order. a man (james finlayson) insults ollie, leading to a lengthy argument. then they run into a brattish kid (tommy bond) with a football, which results in ollie kicking his ball down the stairwell, leading to another argument with the kid's burly father. when ollie and stan finally reach the apartment, ollie's wife disapproves of ollie bringing home yet another bum, so ollie has to prepare a meal for stan, but the pair only succeed in blowing up the kitchen. ollie's attractive neighbor, mrs. gilbert (patricia ellis), offers to help clear up the mess, but herself gets soaked and ends up in a pair of ollie's enormous pajamas. mrs. hardy then returns, so ollie and stan have to hide her. when mrs. hardy finally leaves, mrs. gilbert's husband arrives and when he sees his wife there, he chases stan and ollie down the stairs, firing a shotgun. a large number of men without trousers jump out of windows.
corpus document1351
blond cheat
michael ashburn (derrick de marney) is the chief assistant to rufus trent (cecil kellaway), a wealthy london loan broker. michael is socially prominent, but works for a living. he is engaged to trent's daughter, roberta (lilian bond). the match had been engineered primarily by the socially-ambitious mrs. trent (cecil cunningham). as michael is closing the shop late one afternoon, a man named douglas (olaf hytten) takes out a large loan, using earrings worn by his niece, julie (joan fontaine), as a deposit. he scurries right off with the money but, to his dismay, michael finds that the earrings are fastened to julie's ears and cannot be removed. he now has to keep guard of her until douglas returns with the money. julie wants to go somewhere warm for the night. he hails a policeman to have her put in a jail cell so that she's kept somewhere safe, but when the cop arrives, she tricks him into arresting michael instead. she manages to swipe michael's house key and spends the night at his house. the next morning, the butler finds julie in michael's bed. michael arrives home with a cold after his night in jail. he doesn't realize that julie's at his house. when roberta arrives, angry, he calms her down, until she discovers julie in michael's pajamas and in his bedroom. roberta breaks off her engagement to michael. julie slips away in the confusion and arrives at a theatrical agency. her "uncle" runs the agency and she quickly removes the earrings as he praises her night's work. in reality, julie is an actress and, with her successful work breaking the engagement between michael and roberta, is offered a leading role in a new production. roberta arrives at home and tells her parents that the engagement is off. trent is thrilled. it is revealed at this time that trent hired douglas's agency to break the engagement. at work michael is being called to the carpet by trent for loaning money without collateral when mrs. trent arrives and fixes everything so that roberta and michael are engaged again. trent, upset that the wedding is still on, goes back to douglas and tells him he won't pay until the engagement is broken for good. gilbert (robert coote), trent's assistant, dislikes michael. he works with julie by bringing in a box for michael at work. inside are michael's pajamas. roberta is there when the box arrives and she isn't happy to see the contents. michael hurries her off when he sees julie inside the shop vault. michael takes julie to her hotel room and stays with her when she pretends to be sick after her night outside. he arrives late for dinner with roberta and her friends. when she questions him, he admits to being with julie, but he reassures her that julie is very sick in bed. at that instant julie shows up looking glamorous. fed up, roberta leaves, but michael insists on staying because he has to keep an eye on the earrings. alone with michael, julie confesses that she was trying to break up his engagement on purpose that night because she didn't think he should be married simply because he comes from a prominent family. as they share a cozy ride in a carriage, michael makes overtures to having feelings for julie. she tries to explain about the earrings when they are held up by robbers. they want the earrings. michael explains that they cannot be removed, but one of the robbers threatens to cut julie's ears off to get to them. she takes the earrings off easily and gives them to the robbers. furious, michael admits to being a fool. he leaves her. trent doesn't want to pay douglas, so he gets a note at dinner asking trent to meet douglas in julie's dressing room. mrs. trent follows trent, demanding an explanation. since trent had finally paid up, douglas lies and says that he had a scheme to break up michael and roberta's engagement, but that trent paid him off. the truth comes out accidentally when julie refuses to continue with the plan. the police arrive when michael recognizes one of the robbers—the one who threatened to cut off julie's ears—as a waiter at the club. the waiter tells the police that roberta paid him to rob julie and michael. he breaks into julie's show and tells her he loves her.
corpus document1352
bluebeard's eighth wife
on the french riviera, wealthy businessman michael brandon wants to buy pajamas, but just the tops. when the store refuses to sell them without the pants, they are at an impasse. fortunately, an attractive woman named nicole offers to buy the bottoms. at the hotel where he is staying, michael has trouble sleeping, so the managers offer him a suite on a higher floor, further away from the sounds of the sea. the suite is occupied by the marquis de loiselle, who is two months in arrears. the penniless marquis, as it turns out, had sent michael a business proposition, which michael turns down. the marquis then offers to sell him a bathtub supposed owned by king louis xiv, which he also rejects. then michael recognizes the mismatched pajama bottoms the marquis is wearing and, after discovering that nicole is the man's daughter, buys the bathtub. he then pursues nicole and proposes to her the same day. she turns him down, but eventually changes her mind and accepts. however, she is horrified to learn that michael has been married seven times before. she calls off the wedding, much to her father's dismay. michael explains that he gives each of his wives a prenuptial agreement guaranteeing $50,000 a year for life if they divorce. he gives in when nicole demands double that amount. during their honeymoon and afterward in their home in paris, nicole keeps her discontented husband at arm's length, hoping to obtain a divorce, but that only strengthens his natural tenacity. after reading shakespeare's the taming of the shrew, he tries to follow petruchio's example, but nicole proves too strong for him. she writes anonymous letters to him claiming that she has a lover, but monsieur pepinard, the private detective he hires, assures him that there is nothing to it. nicole then blackmails pepinard into finding her a fake lover, a boxer named kid mulligan, so michael can catch her alone with him. complications ensue when her friend count albert de regnier picks the wrong time to return a purse she left behind and is mistaken for her husband by kid mulligan (and knocked out). fortunately for nicole, michael assumes that albert is her lover and finally gives her a divorce. six months later, michael has a nervous breakdown. nicole tries to see him in the sanitarium, but is not allowed in. luckily, michael has been put into a straitjacket after spotting her father, who has arranged for her to get in. nicole tells michael that she loved him at first sight, but had to break him of his habit of marrying so often. now that she is financially independent, she explains, he can see that she does not want to (re)marry him for his money. he frees himself from his straitjacket, advances on her menacingly, then embraces her.
corpus document1353
boy meets girl
two screenwriters, law and benson (james cagney and pat o'brien), are in need of a story for cowboy star larry toms (dick foran). when studio waitress susie seabrook (marie wilson) faints in the office of producer c.f. friday (ralph bellamy) because she is pregnant, the writers get an idea for a story about a cowboy and a baby, and cast susie's unborn baby happy in the part. the story will be the classic hollywood tale: boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl. when they all leave to sell the idea to their boss, susie meets and is intrigued by, rodney bowman (bruce lester), a good-looking young englishman who is an extra on one of the studio's films. larry is tired of having a scene-stealing baby as a co-star, and his agent, rossetti (frank mchugh), devises a scheme to have larry woo susie in order to marry her and, as happy's father, get him out of show business and into a normal life. when they hear about this, benson and law hire rodney, unaware that susie knows him, to pretend to be susie's long-lost husband, happy's father; rodney thinks it's just an acting job, and is not in on the deception. their plan works, and larry disavows any planned future with susie, but an wanted result is that baby happy is fired due to the scandal. when their plot is exposed, the two writers are fired, and law makes plans to move to vermont to suffer and write the great american novel, but benson, whose wife has just left him, is too deep in debt to leave - so they come up with another plan. they have a friend in london send a wire to b.k. (pierre watkin), the head of the studio, with an offer from a british studio to buy it, as long as baby happy is under contract. under the circumstances, happy, benson and law are all re-hired. just then, rodney bursts into the office and asks susie to marry him and come to england. benson and law try to persuade susie that rodney is a no-good cheat and philanderer only after her money, but the american representative of the british studio shows up to identify him as the son of an english lord. the rep also reveals that the plan to purchase the studio is a fraud. producer c.f. wants to fire benson and law again, but their new contracts are iron-clad. susie leaves with rodney, heading for england, and c.f. learns that his wife is pregnant.
corpus document1354
boys town
a convicted murderer asks to make his confession on the day of his execution. he is visited by an old friend, father flanagan (spencer tracy) who runs a home for indigent men in omaha, nebraska. when the prison officials suggest that the condemned man owes the state a debt, father flanagan witnesses the condemned man's diatribe to prison officials and a reporter that describes his awful plight as a homeless and friendless boy who was a ward in state institutions. after the convicted man asks the officials to leave, father flanagan provides some comfort and wisdom. on the train back to omaha, father flanagan is transformed in his humanitarian mission by revelations (echoed in the words) imparted by the condemned man's litany of hardships experienced as a child without friends or family as a ward of the state. father flanagan believes there is no such thing as a bad boy and spends his life attempting to prove it. he battles indifference, the legal system, and often even the boys, to build a sanctuary that he calls boys town. the boys have their own government, make their own rules, and dish out their own punishment. one boy, whitey marsh (mickey rooney), is as much as anyone can handle. whitey's older brother, in prison for murder, asks father flanagan to take whitey — a poolroom shark and tough talking hoodlum — to boys town. whitey's older brother escapes custody during transfer to federal prison. whitey stays, though, and runs for mayor of boys town, determined to win with his "don't be a sucker" campaign slogan. when the boys instead elect handicapped tony ponessa (gene reynolds) and reject whitey's shoddy campaigning, whitey decides to leave. only little pee wee (bobs watson), the boys town mascot, catches up with him and pulls on his sleeve, pleading, “we’re going to be pals, ain’t we?” whitey, nearly in tears refuses and pushes the child to the ground and tells him to go back. he then storms across the highway, and pee wee, caught in the tail wind, is too upset about his hero to think about oncoming traffic. when pee wee begins to cry, he is hit by a car, whitey leaves, feeling guilty and hurt. he accidentally comes upon a bank robbery in omaha and runs into joe, who mistakenly shoots him in the leg. joe takes whitey to a church and calls flanagan anonymously, after which whitey is taken back to boys town. the sheriff comes to get whitey, but flanagan offers to take full responsibility for the boy. whitey refuses to tell flanagan about the robbery, because he has promised not to inform on joe, but when he realizes that his silence could result in the end of boys town, he goes to joe's hideout. joe, realizing with whitey that boys town is more important than themselves, releases his brother from his promise. his cohorts want to kill whitey, but joe protects him until flanagan and the boys arrive at their hideout. the criminals are recaptured and boys town's reward is a flood of donations. a now committed whitey is elected the new mayor of boys town by acclamation and dave resigns himself to go into more debt as flanagan tells him of his new ideas for expanding the facility.
corpus document1355
breaking the ice
tommy martin (bobby breen) and his mother, martha martin (dolores costello) say goodbye to henry and reuben johnson (john 'dusty' king and delmar watson). after having stopped by the mennonite farm, where tommy and martha stay with the william and annie decker (robert barrat and dorothy peterson), the johnsons are headed back to their hometown of goshen. that night over dinner, tommy, martha and the decker’s discuss the possibility of tommy and martha returning to their home in kansas to work their farm, having fully recovered from the death of mr. marti. william decker does not wish to allow them to return without the help of a man on the farm. tommy suggests that henry johnson would be happy to assist. mrs. decker agrees that henry had displayed affections for martha while he was at the farm. it is decided that in order to get both tommy and martha home, $92 would be needed in order to pay the train fare home. to martha’s dismay, william writes henry for the $92 if he wishes to marry martha and send her home. henry is to respond with a letter detailing his answer. william gives the letter to tommy, who is to mail it when he is through with his chores. instead, tommy tears the letter up and does not send it.[6] enter samuel terwilliger (charles ruggles), a street-smart, money-making man. tommy tells mr. terwilliger that he has saved old newspapers for him to buy. as tommy runs in the house to get the papers, a man comes by to drop off money for william decker for a tobacco sale. tommy takes the money and sets it on william’s desk. next to the desk is the trunk where tommy kept the newspapers. while tommy was rummaging through the trunk, one of the twenty dollar bills on the desk landed in a newspaper, to be taken to mr. terwilliger. as tommy and mr. terwilliger get to talking tommy learns about philadelphia, mr. terwilliger’s home town. that evening, tommy decides to go to philadelphia with mr. terwilliger, so he sneaks out of the house and hops in mr. terwilliger’s wagon. mr. terwilliger and tommy travel along the next day, and after a close-call with a train, make it to philadelphia. soon tommy gets a job at the adjacent ice rink, scraping the ice after the performers practice. back at home, william has discovered the missing twenty dollars, and blames tommy for taking it. every week, tommy sends a letter home with a dollar, but william remains angry. one day as tommy is scraping the ice, he sings along to a song the band is playing. the manager of the rink offers to hire him on as a singer for the shows. mr. terwilliger acts as tommy’s manager, and negotiates a wage. later tommy finds out that mr.terwilliger had been secretly keeping tommy’s money. tommy uses the stashed money to return home. upon his return home, he is greeted with joy from everyone except for william, who insists on the return of his twenty dollars. tommy traces the money back in his mind, and realizes that it fell into one of the newspapers mr. terwilliger used to stuff an antique chair. the two of them then run around the country in order to seek the chair, and find the twenty dollars. finally, they locate the chair, and bring the twenty dollars back home. with all debts cleared, tommy and martha can finally go home to goshen where they run the farm with henry and reuben johnson.
corpus document1356
bringing up baby
david huxley (cary grant) is a mild-mannered paleontologist. for the past four years, he has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a brontosaurus but is missing one bone: the "intercostal clavicle". adding to his stress is his impending marriage to the dour alice swallow (virginia walker) and the need to impress elizabeth random (may robson), who is considering a million-dollar donation to his museum. the day before his wedding, david meets susan vance (katharine hepburn) by chance on a golf course when she plays his ball. she is a free-spirited, somewhat scatterbrained young lady unfettered by logic. these qualities soon embroil david in several frustrating incidents. susan's brother mark has sent her a tame leopard named baby (nissa) from brazil. its tameness is helped by hearing "i can't give you anything but love". susan thinks david is a zoologist, and manipulates him into accompanying her in taking baby to her farm in connecticut. complications arise when susan falls in love with him and tries to keep him at her house as long as possible, even hiding his clothes, to prevent his imminent marriage. david's prized intercostal clavicle is delivered, but susan's aunt's dog george (skippy) takes it and buries it somewhere. when susan's aunt arrives, she discovers david in a negligee. to david's dismay, she turns out to be potential donor elizabeth random. a second message from mark makes clear the leopard is for elizabeth, as she always wanted one. baby and george run off. the zoo is called to help capture baby. susan and david race to find baby before the zoo and, mistaking a dangerous leopard (also portrayed by nissa) from a nearby circus for baby, let it out of its cage. david and susan are jailed by a befuddled town policeman, constable slocum (walter catlett), for acting strangely at the house of dr. fritz lehman (fritz feld), where they had cornered the circus leopard. when slocum does not believe their story, susan tells him they are members of the "leopard gang"; she calls herself "swingin' door susie" and david "jerry the nipper".[a] eventually, alexander peabody (george irving) shows up to verify everyone's identity. susan, who escaped out a window during a police interview, unwittingly drags the highly irritated circus leopard into the jail. david saves her, using a chair to shoo the big cat into a cell. some time later, susan finds david, who has been jilted by alice because of her, on a high platform working on his brontosaurus reconstruction at the museum. after showing him the missing bone which she found by trailing george for three days, susan, against his warnings, climbs a tall ladder next to the dinosaur to be closer to him. she tells david that her aunt has given her the million dollars, and she wants to donate it to the museum, but david is more interested in telling her that the day spent with her was the best day of his life. the ladder starts swaying more and more from side to side. susan tells him that she loves him too, then notices her danger. frightened, she climbs onto the skeleton, causing it to collapse, but david grabs her hand and lifts her onto the platform. he then resigns himself to a future of chaos and destruction and hugs and kisses susan.
corpus document1357
brother rat
at the virginia military institute, roommates billy randolph (wayne morris), dan crawford (ronald reagan) and bing edwards (eddie albert) are three good-natured troublemakers who are trying to clean up their act in the weeks leading up to graduation. still, try as they might, they cannot seem to stop breaking the rules. when the secretly married edwards learns his wife (jane bryan) is pregnant, his preoccupation leads to events that really send everything out of order.
corpus document1358
bulldog drummond's peril
the intended wedding of captain hugh "bulldog" drummond (john howard) to phyllis clavering (heather angel) at her villa in switzerland is stopped short (once again) when someone murders the swiss policeman who is guarding their wedding presents. the killer makes off with their prize possession, a synthetic diamond, made by a secret process by professor bernard goodman (halliwell hobbes), the father of their good friend gwen longworth (nydia westman). a guest, sir raymond blantyre (matthew boulton), head of the metropolitan diamond syndicate, disappears at the same time, and drummond suspects that sir raymond, who has the most to lose if professor goodman proceeds with his plans to publish his secret process, has something to do with the theft. he leaves phyllis and chases back to england. colonel nielsen (john barrymore), of scotland yard, as usual scoffs at drummond's suspicions and insists that a man as respected as sir raymond could not possibly be involved in such a crime. an explosion that wrecks goodman's house, and apparently kills him, makes drummond more positive that the diamond king has again resorted to murder to protect his business. he follows professor botulian (porter hall), a lifelong rival of goodman's, whom he believes to be involved in the affair. his hunt leads him to a lonely house on the outskirts of london where he finds goodman a prisoner. drummond's valet tenny (e.e. clive) soon joins them as captive, but brings with him the means of escape. after goodman is taken to safety, drummond discovers that phyllis, who was searching for him, is now being held by the crooks. drummond quickly returns to the house to confront sir raymond and his armed confederates. drummond begins to fight his way out, but is met by superior forces. loosely based upon the third round (1924) by herman cyril mcneile
corpus document1359
call of the yukon
adventuring author jean williams is living in the wilds of alaska alongside the eskimo people gathering material for her novel. she befriends several animals who become her loyal friends such as a pair of bear cubs whose mother has been killed by hunter gaston rogers, a talking raven and the bereaved collie firefly who will not leave the grave of her master, a game warden killed in the line of duty. the community is imperiled by a pack of wolves and wild dogs, led by a wild dog called swift lightning, who are killing all the reindeer. with the supply of fresh meat gone, the eskimos are migrating to lands with more food. hunter gaston agrees to take jean to nenana, alaska, along with his furs by dog sled. jean, who despises gaston as being more savage and blood thirsty than the four-legged predators, is followed by her loyal animals. the pair face attacks by wolves, an avalanche and being trapped on a river whose ice floes are melting.
corpus document1360
campus confessions
wayne atterbury, sr., is president of middleton college, where he tolerates no foolishness. so when his milquetoast son, wayne jr., enrolls as a freshman, the boy makes it clear to newspaper reporter joyce gilmore and to every student he meets that school must be all work and no play. this makes him instantly unpopular. hank luisetti plays basketball for the school, which has never had a winning team. he is tempted to switch to a different college when wayne jr. offers his father's estate as a training camp. luisetti is surprised when wayne turns out to have a knack for the game himself. he becomes a basketball star and joyce becomes a lot more interested in him. a big game against arch-rival state u is coming up, and middleton finally has a shot at winning. hank, however, flunks math, so dean wilton needs to suspend him from the team. the stuffed-shirt atterbury watches his son play basketball and gets so excited about winning, he approves a new math test for hank while the game's in progress. hank passes, then scores 24 points in the final period to help carry middleton to victory, whereupon both atterburys are carried off by the happy crowd.
corpus document1361
carefree
psychiatrist dr. tony flagg (fred astaire) does his friend stephen arden (ralph bellamy) a favor by taking on his fiancee, amanda cooper (ginger rogers), as a patient. amanda, a singer on the radio, can't seem to make a decision about stephen's many proposals of marriage, so tony probes with her subconscious mind. he is to interpret her dreams. when amanda dreams of dancing with her doctor, she's convinced that she's in love and to avoid telling tony about the dream, makes up a wild dream. this leads tony to believe that amanda has serious psychiatric problems and he hypnotizes her to act on her impulses. by some chance, stephen comes by, not knowing that she's under the spell and amanda is crazy in public. the next day, there is a party and amanda gets tony to dance with her (the yam) and in the process of trying to tell stephen that she's in love with her doctor, stephen thinks that she's saying that she's in love with him. amanda then dances with tony, telling him that "something terrible has happened, and you're mixed up in it." so, good old tony hypnotizes amanda again, saying that tony does not love her and that "men like him should be shot down like dogs." alas, amanda gets out again and finds a gun at the country club and starts shooting at tony. suddenly, tony realizes that he's in love with amanda and desperately tries to undo his doing. stephen accuses him of trying to take his wife away. at amanda and stephen's wedding day, he sneaks in and wants to punch amanda so that she is unconscious and he can hypnotize her but can't bring himself to do it. stephen barges in, aims a punch at tony but smacks amanda unconscious instead. tony then tells amanda that he loves her, and they're married.
corpus document1362
charlie chan in honolulu
the film opens with detective chan rushing to the hospital to be with his daughter as she prepares to give birth to his first grandchild. while charlie chan waits at the hospital, his "number two" son jimmy intercepts a message intended for charlie about a murder on board the freighter susan b. jennings. the freighter is on its way from shanghai to honolulu under the leadership of captain johnson (robert barrat). jimmy wants to prove his investigative skills to his father and so boards the jennings pretending to be charlie chan, with his younger brother tommy (layne tom jr.) in tow. the ruse doesn't last long and soon the real chan arrives on board, interrogating a motley assortment of crooks, heiresses and crew as he works to solve a crime whose only witness is secretary judy haynes (phyllis brooks).
corpus document1363
the chaser
an ambulance chaser, unethical and disliked by many, attorney thomas z. brandon chases cases in the street, offering to represent clients on trumped-up charges. a street-car company's owner, calhoun, resents this practice and hires dorothy mason to go undercover to gain evidence against the attorney, pretending to be an accident victim. she sees how a doctor, prescott, manipulates a client into memorizing certain false information to use in court. dorothy learns that thomas has a good explanation why he's doing this and that calhoun is actually unscrupulous himself. she perjures herself in court, and thomas spurns her after learning of her deceit, but ultimately they fall in love and thomas promises to act more ethically from now on.
corpus document1364
child bride
miss carol (diana durrell) is an idealistic teacher in a remote one-room schoolhouse. a native of the ozarks herself, she is determined to stop the practice of child marriage, in which older men marry teen or preteen girls. her campaign raises the ire of some local men, led by jake bolby (warner richmond), who one night drag her into the woods and tie her to a tree, with the intention of tarring and feathering her. before they can do this, however, angelo the dwarf (angelo rossitto) and mr. colton (george humphreys) arrive with a shotgun to save the day. following this, jake bolby comes across young jennie colton (shirley mills) swimming naked. when her father dies, bolby decides to take advantage of the opportunity to blackmail her mother into letting him marry the girl, threatening that otherwise he will see her hanged for murder. after he "courts" jennie by giving her a doll, the two are married. it later turns out that this ceremony was illegal, as child marriage had been banned several days prior, but this point quickly becomes moot. before bolby can consummate the union, he is gunned down by angelo. jennie leaves his house with freddie nulty (bob bollinger).
corpus document1365
a christmas carol
on christmas eve in 19th-century london, fred is sliding on ice on a sidewalk. he meets peter and tim cratchit, sons of his uncle ebenezer's clerk, bob cratchit. when fred reveals who he is, the boys take off in terror. fred soon arrives at the counting-house of his miserly maternal uncle, ebenezer scrooge. after declining an invitation from his nephew to dine with him on christmas, scrooge dismisses two gentlemen’s collecting money for charity. that night, scrooge reluctantly allows his employee bob cratchit to have christmas off with pay but orders him back all the earlier the day after. later on, bob accidentally knocks off scrooge's hat with a snowball. scrooge removes bob from his position, withholding a week's pay to compensate for his ruined hat as well as demanding a shilling to make up the difference. bob spends the last of his wages on food for his family's christmas dinner. in his house, scrooge is confronted by the ghost of his deceased business partner, jacob marley, who warns scrooge to repent his wicked ways or he will be condemned in the afterlife as marley was. he tells scrooge he will be haunted by three time-traveling spirits. at one o'clock, scrooge is visited by the youthful ghost of christmas past, who takes him back in time to his early life. scrooge is shown his unhappiness when he was left to spend the holidays alone at school, and his joy when his sister, fran, came to take him home for christmas. the spirit reminds scrooge that fran, dead for some years, is the mother of his nephew. scrooge begins a successful career in business and money lending as an employee under fezziwig. at two o'clock, scrooge meets the merry ghost of christmas present, who shows scrooge how others keep christmas. at a church service, fred and his fiancée, bess, are seen as happy and in love. the couple must wait to marry because of fred's financial circumstances, and the spirit observes that perhaps they will not marry at all and their love may end, just how scrooge lost his unnamed fiancée in his youth. scrooge is then shown the cratchit home. despite wearing a cheery manner for his family's sake, bob is deeply troubled by the loss of his job, though he confides in no one except his daughter martha. the spirit hints that bob's youngest son, timothy "tiny tim", will die of his unknown illness by the same time next year if things do not change. at three o'clock, the ghost of christmas yet to come arrives, appearing as a silent, cloaked figure. the spirit shows scrooge what will happen if he does not change. scrooge discovers tiny tim is dead and his family mourns for him. scrooge also discovers that his own death will not be mourned. scrooge promises to repent and returns home. awakening in his own bed on christmas day, scrooge is now a changed man. he orders a boy in the street below his window to buy a turkey for him, meaning to take it to the cratchits. running into the two men who petitioned him for charity the evening before, scrooge gives a large donation. he visits fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the cratchit house where he rehires bob and increases his wages.
corpus document1366
city girl
bored with her life and with don, her lawyer boyfriend, waitress ellen ward craves excitement. she accepts an invitation from ritchie and mike, a couple of petty crooks, and ends up giving them an alibi for a crime. ritchie rewards her with $100. ellen catches the eye racketeer charles blake, irking his moll vivian, who attacks her with a pair of scissors. ellen shoots her in self-defense. ellen is badly injured and has her face radically altered by plastic surgery. don becomes an assistant district attorney and helps an investigation into blake's activities, with ellen, no longer recognizable, working undercover. blake is about to shoot don when, at the last instant, ellen steps between them and is killed.
corpus document1367
cocoanut grove
johnny prentice, a bandleader in chicago with a bad temper, alienates some of his musicians and is in danger of losing custody of half pint, his son. he hires linda rogers to be the boy's tutor. after being encouraged by linda to pursue his dream of playing at the cocoanut grove nightclub in los angeles, they pack up friend dixie's new trailer and head west. at a trailer park, they run into hula harry and hear a song he's composed. to his amazement, johnny discovers that not only is harry very talented, linda is, too. the trailer breaks down in kansas, but the good news is that garage owner bibb tucker is a talented fellow as well. he is invited to tag along. when the group reaches l.a., the club date has mistakenly gone to another band. worse yet, johnny's apparent flirtation with hazel de vore leads to linda boarding a bus and leaving for home. discovering the mistake, johnny's musicians take matters into their own hands and keep the other band captive, johnny goes after linda and gets her back in time for that night's show.
corpus document1368
college swing
it's 1738, and gracie alden (gracie allen) of the powerful alden family fails to graduate from the college founded by her grandfather for the ninth year in a row, so he leaves it in his will to the first female of the family to graduate within 200 years. at the deadline, in 1938, another gracie alden, the last girl of the line, is having trouble with her studies, so she hires fast-talking bud brady (bob hope) to help her. her efforts are opposed by woman-hating professor hubert dash (edward everett horton) and his secretary george jones (george burns), who don't want to see their beloved college fall into the hands of an empty-headed nit-wit like gracie. when by hook and by crook gracie manages to pass her exam and becomes the owner of the college, she does away with entrance exams, hires a bunch of incompetent but kooky teachers, and turns the place into a jumpin' jitterbugging joint complete with swing bands and remote radio broadcasts.[1][2]
corpus document1369
comet over broadway
eve appleton (francis), wife of small-town garage owner bill appleton (litel), has theatrical ambitions. bill gets into an argument with a visiting actor over her, kills him accidentally, and is sent to prison. eve, realizing her part in bill's fate, vows to right matters, and taking her infant daughter, goes away to make her way in the theatre. later, eve is forced to leave her baby girl with her friend mrs. "tim" adams (gombell). bert ballin (hunter) befriends her and they fall in love, but she moves abroad and becomes a star. back in america, as the "toast of broadway", she is brought back to a realization of her former vows by joe grant (crisp), her hometown lawyer.
corpus document1370
the cowboy and the lady
mary smith (merle oberon), daughter of presidential hopeful horace smith (henry kolker), has lived a cloistered life free of any scandal. although she is devoted to her father and supports his political aspirations, she longs for a life of her own. believing she needs some excitement in her life, mary's free-spirited uncle hannibal (harry davenport) takes her dancing at a nightclub, which the police raid for gambling. when horace learns that press reporters have discovered mary's name on the police report, he sends his daughter off to the family's palm beach, florida mansion. for mary, palm beach during the off season is a place of loneliness and boredom. she asks her two housemaids (patsy kelly and mabel todd) if she can go along with them on a blind date with some cowboys from a visiting rodeo. the two maids reluctantly agree. feeling sorry for the inexperienced mary, they coach her on their three-step "system" for getting a man interested: flatter him, get him talking about himself, and play on his sympathy with a hard-luck story. after the rodeo, the three women meet up with their dates at the rodeo cafeteria and pair off. mary is immediately attracted to the tall, lanky, and unpretentious cowboy stretch willoughby (gary cooper) and arranges to be with him. after dinner, they continue their evening back at mary's beachfront estate. aware that the plain-spoken stretch is suspicious of high society rich folk, mary pretends to be a lady's maid whose "boss" is out of town. mary attempts to get the shy cowboy interested by following the first two steps of the "system" but fails to attract his interest. determined, she proceeds to the third step, inventing a hard-luck story about her drunken father and four younger sisters whom she alone must support. when she adds a tear or two to embellish her story, stretch is won over, and the evening ends with the two kissing in the moonlight. the next morning, an enamoured stretch appears at the mansion prepared to ask for mary's hand in marriage. unprepared for this turn of events, mary casually dismisses his awkward proposal. angered at the rejection, stretch tosses mary into the swimming pool and storms off. completely fascinated by this man who is unlike any other she's met, mary follows stretch when he boards a ship for galveston. determined to apologize, mary finally succeeds in getting the stubborn cowboy to listen to her, but she is unable to reveal her true identity. the days on board the ship bring the two closer together, and on the last night of the voyage, they are married by the ship's captain. when the newly married couple arrives at galveston, they set up temporary home in a tent at a rodeo camp. mary does her best to adapt to the dusty and primitive conditions, but she is having a difficult time. stretch senses mary's unease, but believes it stems from her worrying over her "family"—the fictitious drunken father and four younger sisters she's supporting. he suggests she return to palm beach alone to settle her family obligations. although she is ashamed of her continued deception, mary fears stretch will reject her if he learns the truth about her wealthy family. stretch believes he's married a "work horse" who works hard to support her family, not a "show horse" like her fictitious boss. confused and miserable, mary agrees to go back home for a few days and later meet up with stretch at his ranch in montana. back at her palm beach mansion, mary learns that her father is on his way with all his committee members, plus an important congressman who holds the presidential nomination in his power. her sympathetic uncle hannibal arrives early, and mary tearfully confides her secret marriage to him. when mary's father arrives, he assumes his daughter will serve as dutiful hostess and support his political plans. feeling trapped again, mary finally confesses to her father that she is married to a cowboy and plans to join him in montana immediately. when she sees her father's disappointment, however, she agrees to stay until her father secures the presidential nomination. at his montana ranch, stretch is busy preparing for mary's arrival and building a new house for his bride—but mary never arrives. stretch heads back to the palm beach mansion and insists on talking to mary's "employers". he bursts into the dining room, only to see his wife at the head of a dinner party table, surrounded by her father and his distinguished guests, who proceed to have a few laughs at the cowboy's expense. when asked for his opinion about mary's father running for president, stretch condemns the whole group for their behavior and leaves in anger. seeing his daughter's distress, horace realizes that he has not been a good father, and comforts mary as they listen to the whistle of the train that is taking her husband out of her life. back in montana, a subdued stretch arrives home only to find his father-in-law sitting on his front porch, wanting to chat about farming. horace tells stretch that he has quit the presidential race because he now knows that mary's happiness is more important, acknowledging that mary made sacrifices all her life, thinking only of her father, never herself. upon entering the ranchhouse, the bewildered stretch finds a party underway, uncle hannibal raiding the kitchen, and mary herself baking a cake with ma hawkins. soon after, the cowboy and the lady are seen kissing in ma hawkins kitchen.[1][3][4]
corpus document1371
cowboy from brooklyn
singer elly jordan, a brooklyn man who is terrified of animals, ends up broke along with his two musical partners at hardy's dude ranch in two bits, wyoming. the hardys, ma and pop, daughter jane and son jeff, hire the men to play for the dudes. sam thorne, jane's self-appointed boyfriend, ranch cowhand and amateur crooner, is jealous of jane's interest in elly. elly is so successful as a cowboy singer, that when theatrical agent ray chadwick arrives at the ranch on a vacation and hears him, he signs elly immediately. chadwick thinks that elly is a real cowboy and jane coaches him to talk like one. in spite of his fear of animals, he gets away with the deception. he makes a successful screen test as a cowboy, using the name wyoming steve gibson, but he and chadwick, who now knows the truth, fear that the deception will be revealed when the movie people arrive in new york from hollywood with elly's contract. meanwhile, jane and some of the ranch people are traveling east as well so sam can sing on captain rose's amateur hour in new york. jane tells sam that she is in love with elly and sam is so angry that when he isn't a big success on the show, he blurts out the truth about elly's background. to prove that elly is on the level, chadwick and his assistant pat dunn suggest that he compete in a rodeo. they take elly to professor landis, who hypnotizes him. under hypnosis, elly leaps on a horse, rides to madison square garden, enters the bulldogging contest and sets a new record. he sneezes and wakes from the hypnosis, but the movie people are convinced that he is a real cowboy. he signs the contract and kisses jane to seal the deal.
corpus document1372
crime ring
a ring of phony fortune tellers, led by marvin, "the sightless seer" is in league with racketeers to defraud wealthy clients. joe ryan, a reporter, and judy allen, an actress agree to help the police by going undercover to expose the ring. judy poses as a fortune teller, with the help of her friend, kitty, who is a ventriloquist. while ryan and kitty are setting up the trap, ryan's rich friend, phoebe sawyer is duped by marvin, who along with lionel whitmore, a personal finance manager, and ray taylor, an attorney. they set her up to take a long voyage, while they forge her name on a power of attorney and steal her fortune. while phoebe is falling marvin's ploy, ryan has successfully convinced the racketeering ring that he has been duped by judy, and has the goods on them. smelling a trap, the gangster jenner has ryan picked up to be "taken for a ride", by his two fellow gangsters, dummy and slim. ryan is rescued by the police, who were sent by the assistant district attorney, tom redwine. whitmore has marvin killed, believing that phoebe has left the country, and puts the plan to liquidate her assets in motion. in order to entrap whitmore, redwine has dummy and slim released, who then, with the help of phoebe, confronts and arrests taylor. hoping to escape, whitmore kidnaps judy and kitty to use as a shield. however, the two girls are rescued by joe and redwine, along with the police.
corpus document1373
crime school
a junkman (frank otto) does business with the dead end kids: frankie (billy halop), squirt (bobby jordan), spike (leo gorcey), goofy (huntz hall), fats (bernard punsly), and bugs (gabriel dell). when the boys ask for a $20 payoff, "junkie" says "five is all you'll get. now take it and get out of here." in a rage, spike strikes the man in the back of the head with a hard object, and the junkman falls to the floor and doesn't move. when judge clinton (charles trowbridge) cannot convince the boys to divulge which one struck the damaging blow, they are all sent to reform school. the harsh warden of the reformatory, morgan (cy kendall), inflicts discipline at the school and flogs frankie after he tries to escape. the superintendent of the state reformatories, mark braden (humphrey bogart), visits the school and finds evidence of morgan's subtle cruelty, as in feeding his new inmates poor-quality food. he then visits frankie in the hospital ward, finding him untreated and the doctor inebriated. as a way of starting over, he fires the doctor, morgan, and four ex-convict guards, while retaining the head guard, cooper (weldon heyburn). braden takes charge of the reformatory himself and wins over the boys' cooperation by considerate treatment, while romancing frankie's sister, sue warren (gale page). meanwhile, cooper is afraid that braden will learn of morgan's embezzlement of the food budget, which would implicate him as well. he learns that spike is the one who dealt the blow to the junkman and blackmails him. he gets him to tell frankie that braden's generous treatment is due to his sister's acceptance of braden's attentions. although untrue, it causes the kids to escape from the school in cooper's car with his gun. they go to sue's apartment, and frankie climbs the fire escape with the gun to confront braden, but sue and braden dispel frankie's suspicions. meanwhile, cooper "discovers" that the kids have escaped, and morgan calls the press to discredit braden and get him fired. but, braden drives the boys back to the reformatory and gets them into their beds, before the commissioner (frank jaquet), alerted by morgan, arrives for an inspection with the police in tow. their plot foiled and their fraud uncovered, morgan and cooper are arrested. the boys are subsequently paroled into the care of their parents.
corpus document1374
the crowd roars
tommy mccoy (robert taylor) becomes a boxer, not for love of the sport but for the money. he has to put up with his alcoholic, gambling father brian (frank morgan). just before his first major fight, tommy learns that his opponent has been injured and has been replaced at the last minute by tommy's good friend, former world champion johnny (william gargan), trying to make a comeback. during the bout, tommy kills johnny and is named "killer mccoy" in the newspapers. he then comes under the control of powerful bookmaker jim cain (edward arnold). while training, tommy meets and falls in love with cain's daughter sheila (maureen o'sullivan). cain has been very careful to keep his daughter from learning about his profession. cain tries to break up their romance, but without success. tommy wins fight after fight, becoming a contender. if he wins his next bout, he will get a shot at the world championship title. however, "pug" walsh (nat pendleton), a traitorous associate of cain's, has both sheila and brian kidnapped. he orders tommy to lose the fight in the eighth round, or else. tommy has no choice; he endures a merciless pounding for round after round, not even daring to hit his foe for fear a lucky punch could end the match and his loved ones' lives. fortunately, brian pretends to collapse, then manages to grab a gangster's gun. he sends sheila to the fight, while he holds their two former captors at gunpoint. however, while he is distracted by the radio broadcast of the fight, one of the men shoots him; he fires back, and all three are killed. sheila arrives just before the start of the eighth round. tommy proceeds to knock out his opponent, then announces he is giving up boxing. cain also retires. afterward, tommy and sheila get married.
corpus document1375
danger on the air
nan grey, as christina "steenie" maccorkle, a radio advertising executive, is suspected of murdering her client, berton churchill, as caesar kluck, a soda magnate. loathed by all who met him, or forced to work, with his underhanded business machinations, the victims, and suspects, start piling up. including thug, joe downing, as gangster joe carney; lee j. cobb as tony lisotti, trying to protect his daughter, louise stanley, as maria lisotti, from being another notch on kluck's belt; and, peter lind hayes, as harry lake, who is desperate to get on the air, seemingly at any cost.[1] it's up to radio engineer donald woods, as benjamin franklin butts, and "steenie's" brother, frank milan, as alexander maccorkle, to try to clear her, before the real murderer gets rid of another victim; unless, of course, it is one of them. time is running out.[2] the novel contains footnotes, which are intended to be both funny and informative, as well as further commentary on the nature and philosophy of radio and broadcasting, than there is time for the movie to encompass.[3] the novel's author xanthippe, was the pseudonym of edith meiser who wrote and produced extensively for radio.[4] she is particularly known for her work on radio with the sherlock holmes mysteries.
corpus document1376
the dawn patrol
in 1915, at the airdrome in france of the royal flying corps' 59th squadron, major brand (basil rathbone), the squadron commander, and his adjutant phipps (donald crisp) anxiously await the return of the dawn patrol.[note 1] brand is near his breaking point. he has lost 16 pilots in the previous two weeks, nearly all of them young replacements with little training and no combat experience. brand is ordered to send up tomorrow what amounts to a suicide mission. captain courtney (errol flynn), leader of a flight, and his good friend "scotty" scott (david niven) return, but two of the replacements are not so lucky, and another, hollister, is severely depressed by having witnessed the death of his best friend. the survivors repair to the bar in their mess for drinks and fatalistic revelry. courtney does his best to console hollister, but the youngster breaks down in grief. when brand announces the next day's dawn patrol, courtney tells brand he does not have enough men. brand retorts that more replacements are on their way. from the four green pilots, courtney picks the two with the most flying hours to go on the mission. only four return this time; scott has been lost along with the two new men. courtney tells a sympathetic brand that scott went down saving hollister. just then, british troops bring in the german who downed scott, hauptmann von mueller (carl esmond). courtney overcomes his initial rage when brand informs von mueller that it was courtney who shot him down, and the german graciously acknowledges him. courtney then offers the german a drink. the guilt-ridden hollister tries to attack the prisoner, but is restrained. then, a grimy scott appears. his fighter crashed, but he survived. b flight is mauled next. just after its wounded leader, captain squires (michael brooke), informs the squadron that the dreaded von richter is now their foe, an enemy aircraft flies low over their airdrome and drops a pair of trench boots. attached is a taunting note telling the british pilots that they will be safer on the ground. brand warns his men that the boots are intended to incite inexperienced pilots into trying to retaliate. he forbids any takeoffs without his express orders. courtney and scott disregard the prohibition, taking off in the dawn mist after stealing the boots from brand's room. they fly to von richter's airfield, where the black-painted fighters are being readied for the day. courtney and scott bomb and strafe the field, destroying most of the german aircraft, and shoot down two which try to take to the air. courtney then drops the boots. von richter retrieves them and shakes his fist at the departing british. courtney is shot down recrossing the lines, then rescued by scott, whose aircraft is also hit by anti-aircraft fire. when leaking oil blinds scott, courtney talks him down to a crash landing behind their own trenches. brand's outrage at their disobedience dissipates when headquarters congratulates him for the success of the attack and appoints him "up to wing". brand takes cruel pleasure in naming courtney to take command of the 59th. soon, courtney is forced to acquire all the qualities he hated in brand. when scott's younger brother donnie is posted as a replacement, scott begs courtney to give him a few days so that he can teach his brother the ropes. courtney tells him there can be no exceptions. unbeknownst to scott, courtney calls headquarters to plead for a few days of training for his replacements, but is turned down. von richter shoots down donnie in flames the next morning, for which scott blames courtney. brand personally gives courtney orders for a very important mission. a single aircraft must fly low and bomb a huge munitions dump 60 kilometers behind the lines. brand bans courtney from flying the mission, so scott disdainfully volunteers. they reconcile and courtney gets his friend too drunk to fly, then blows up the dump himself. afterward, von richter intercepts courtney. although courtney outduels and shoots down two of the enemy, including von richter, he is killed by a third pilot. command of the squadron devolves on scott. he lines up the decimated squadron for orders just as five replacements arrive. he stoically tells a flight to be ready for the dawn patrol.
corpus document1377
the devil's party
marty malone is a member of a street gang called the "death avenue cowboys," consisting of poor children in hell's kitchen, new york. as the gang try to steal fruit from a fruit warehouse, marty starts a fire to distract the watchmen, unfortunately it turns into a real blaze and he is caught by the police. even though the police give him a rough time in questioning, he refuses to say the names of any other gang members, thus saving his friends and accomplices from capture. marty is sent to a reformatory for delinquents. many years go by after that, and now marty is the proud owner of the cigarette club, which is a cabaret and casino in manhattan. in tending to his business, he sends men to strong-arm a customer reluctant to pay a gambling debt. the goons, sam and frank diamond, beat the customer up, accidentally killing him. they try to make his death look as if a neon sign fell on him. the police emergency squad investigating the death includes brothers joe and mike o'mara, who graduated from marty's childhood gang. authorities dismiss the death as an accident, but joe, eager to become a police detective, believes it was murder when he finds evidence that the support that gave way allowing the sign to fall was clearly cut rather than breaking with age. that evening there is a reunion dinner at marty's cigarette club, with the boyhood friends attending, including the o'mara's. jerry donovan is now a priest, and helen mccoy has become a performer at the club. helen has spurned marty's many proposals because she loves mike o’mara. mike dances with helen all evening. brother joe, striking out with the ladies, exits the dinner, returns to the scene of the murder, impatient to solve the crime he believes was committed. diamond and sam, having realized he may expose them, corner him and push him off the roof to his death. later that evening, marty arrives on the scene and is upset his incompetent thugs have perpetrated the murders. the homicide bureau dismisses joe's case as an accident, but mike is unconvinced, and believes joe's death is connected to the previous one. he is also guilt stricken he didn't accompany his brother to investigate his hunch on the incident that brought his death. diamond and sam rob a jewelry store, set off a bomb next to marty's club, and send notes to mike incriminating marty. mike takes the bait, loses control and tries to kill marty, but jerry stops him, and mike is arrested. marty refuses to press charges, and also confesses his involvement to jerry. he explains to jerry that he never intended any deaths to occur. diamond and sam plan to rob the polar gardensa popular ice skating ring, and force marty to participate through kidnapping helen who wisely informs jerry of where she is going. diamond and sam alert mike of the plan who they hope will kill marty. mike again goes berserk, but jerry again prevents mike from killing marty. in a shootout with the criminals, marty dies taking a bullet intended for mike. his death brings mike and helen together, and as marty had requested, there is a playground built at jerry's boys club in marty's name.
corpus document1378
dramatic school
modest, kind-hearted aspiring actress louise mauban (luise rainer) attends the paris school of drama while working nights at a dreary factory job, where she has made friends with another worker. she often comes to class late but rather than admit she has to work nights, she tells her fellow students stories of a luxurious life and her wealthy, handsome boyfriend, marquis andre d'abbencourt (alan marshal). the other girls begin to suspect that her stories are just fantasies that she weaves to relieve her humdrum life. one of them, nana (paulette goddard), maliciously invites louise to her "birthday party", having arranged for andre to attend. however, the plan backfires. andre is enchanted by louise and the lie turns into the truth. he showers her with gifts and takes her out every night. andre eventually becomes enamored of another woman and breaks up with louise by letter. when louise's friends show up, she tells them to take their pick of the fabulous clothes andre has given her. however, to a late-arriving nana, she shows the letter, as her "gift". nana's heart is softened to her rival and they become friends. one of the teachers is impressed by louise's sincerity and talent, but another teacher and aging star, madame therese charlot (gale sondergaard), is jealous of louise. madame therese is upset to learn from the school's director, monsieur pasquel, sr. (henry stephenson) that she will not get the leading role in a new play about joan of arc because she is no longer young enough. in her bitterness, she lashes out when louise is late to class once again; she informs louise that she will demand her expulsion. louise follows her and, to charlot's surprise, thanks her. louise explains that she believes that to be a great star, she must suffer, as madame charlot herself had suffered early in her own career. the next day, louise defiantly returns to class. madame charlot announces that she has accepted another, more mature role in the play and recommended louise for the lead. louise gets the part and is a great success on opening night, receiving a standing ovation. on the night of her triumph, she turns down party invitations, including one from andre, to celebrate with her friend from the factory.
corpus document1379
the duke of west point
an american diplomat's son, steven early, having been educated in england, comes to west point and enrolls, nicknamed "the duke" by the others because of his background and bearing. steve becomes a scholar and athlete, excelling in ice hockey. his roommates and friends are cadets sonny drew and jack west, and he develops a romantic interest in ann porter, angering another cadet who loves her. when word reaches him that jack's mother is having trouble with the business and needs help, steve sneaks off campus after taps to wire money to her, so that jack will not have to give up west point, making her promise not to tell who sent it but to tell jack that all is well. caught upon his return, steve lies as to where he went so that his friend will not find out about the money. the lie is in violation of the honor code and results in his being shunned by all other cadets for the next year, given the silent treatment. before a big hockey game against a team of cadets from canada, a serious accident befalls sonny that leaves him unable to play, with possible permanent damage. steve wears his friend's jersey and helps west point win the game, but has made up his mind to submit his resignation as soon as the game ends. but then, the others learn from jack's mother what steve did for her and jack, feeling very guilty, they all welcome him back among them.
corpus document1380
everybody's doing it
bruce keene works in the advertising department of beyers and company, which produces cereal, among other things. his heavy drinking conflicts with his work output. he and his fiancé, penny wilton, who also works in the advertising department, believe that a boost in the sales of beyers' cereal can come about if keene draws a series of pictograms to be printed on the cereal boxes over a 30-week period. customers who solve all 30 pictograms will be eligible to compete for a $100,000 prize. willy beyers, the company president, agrees to the concept, and the contest is launched. the contest is very successful, but keene tires of creating a new pictogram in the waning weeks of the contest. he resumes his heavy drinking in bars. wilton fears for her fiancé's future, hires a small-time hood, softy blane, to feign keene's kidnaping so that while in the countryside he will finish the series of pictograms. blane works for steve devers, a gangster who has taken an interest in manipulating the contest in order to win the $100,000. blane doublecrosses wilton, and really kidnaps keene, taking him to devers' hideout. keene works in captivity to expose his kidnappers by drawing pictograms that tell of his situation that are sent to beyers. wilton understands the clues, and uses them to puzzle out where keene is being held. she leads the police to the hideout, and after a shootout, keene is rescued. reunited with his fiancé, he promises to reform his drinking ways and marries wilton.
corpus document1381
fast company
joel and garda sloane run a rare book business in new york city. to supplement their meager income, joel recovers stolen books. insurance man steve langner drops off a check for his latest success. the couple also tries to help ned morgan, recently released from prison, find a job; they do not believe he was guilty of the theft of books from dealer otto brockler. ned is in love with brockler's daughter leah. eli bannerman barges into otto's office, despite the best efforts of secretary julia thorne. otto is not pleased to see his business associate. he warns eli that joel is snooping around, but reluctantly agrees to take another shipment of fake first editions created by sid wheeler for $5000. eli tells sid that otto only paid $2000. incensed, sid insists on going to see otto to complain. that night, otto is struck with a bust sitting on his desk and killed. ned is the main suspect, especially since he was seen entering the office around the time of the murder. when sid suggests that eli might have killed otto, eli slugs him. sid produces a gun, ends their partnership and takes eli's wallet, full of cash. joel begins seeing julia, pretending to be attracted to her in order to try to obtain information. julia eventually tells him about a secret compartment in the office which holds the books ned supposedly stole, but ned is arrested before joel can notify the police. meanwhile, eli convinces sid that joel is after him, sure that he is the murderer. sid shoots at joel on the sidewalk, but joel is only hit in the buttocks. later, eli kills sid and takes back his money. then he hires danny scolado and paul terison to murder joel. the two knock joel out, but do not kill him right away; instead, they tie him up and stash him at a hideout. having seen how concerned eli was, danny talks him into paying more money. in the meantime, joel frees himself and knocks paul out. when danny and eli return, they spot garda following them and take her prisoner. joel is forced to give up his gun, but garda manages to disconnect the lamp. in the confusion, eli gets away, while the police arrive and take danny and paul into custody. joel then goes to confront julia. he has figured out that she killed her boss. eli shows up with a pistol, but joel manages to wrestle it away from him and hands him and julia over to the police.
corpus document1382
fools for scandal
film star kay winters (carole lombard) is traveling through paris under a wig and the pseudonym of kay summers with her maid and companion myrtle (marie wilson). she meets rene (fernand gravet), a french marquis who has lost all his money and has pawned all his material possessions to live, something paris society does not know. he sees her on the street and offers to give her a tour of the real paris. kay, who already had plans to attend dinner with lady paula malverton (isabel jeans), tries to brush him off, only to become charmed by the persistent and impetuous rene. once finished with the tour, they have dinner, and unexpectedly run into lady malverton and her party. lady malverton calls rene over to her table. when he returns, he discovers that kay has left. however, she left a note asking him to lunch with her the following day. kay returns to her hotel, to see phillip chester (ralph bellamy) waiting for her, the man who is in love with her. the next day, kay is waiting by the fountain and rene discovers that he has overslept. his friend, dewey gilson (allen jenkins), has taken too long getting rene's suit from the pawn shop. rene waits, helplessly, as kay prepares to leave. however, he runs down and obtains two carpets from a salesman, wrapping them around himself as a form of wealthy robe. he alerts kay that he will be ready to have lunch in just a while, but two women, who believe that he is selling the carpets, demand to buy them. in an argument about who can buy the carpets between the women and kay, the carpets are pulled from rene and he runs away in his underwear. later, rene discovers that kay is actually a movie star. before he can contact her, however, she leaves for london. rene follows her. he comes to her house at a party in which kay has ordered her guests to appear in animal masks. upon seeing rene, she invites him to dinner, where lady malverton tells him to demonstrate his skills as a chef. after tasting the food that rene prepares, kay, as a joke, offers him a job as her cook. rene, delighted, accepts without kay knowing. meanwhile, phillip begs kay to marry him, but she again postpones her answer. lady malverton finds rene in the kitchen, where he tells her that he has taken the job of being kay's chef. lady malverton spreads the gossip. the following morning, kay is delivered breakfast by rene and begs him to leave. rene tells her he has no such intention and answers the phone several times and tells everyone he is kay's chef. lady malverton arrives with a swarm of gossips and demands to know the truth. kay tells them that she has hired him as a chef. nonetheless, the tabloids are already running reports that rene is kay's "love chef". kay, undaunted, accepts phillip's proposal of marriage and orders an engagement dinner. rene does his best to spoil the dinner and succeeds, with phillip walking out of the house after a quarrel with kay. rene finally gets kay to admit she loves him, but she tells him that she will not marry him, as the difference in social status between them will earn her the derision of everyone she knows. rene tells her that he is a french marquis and leaves, angered by her silly fears. kay follows him into an opera house where they kiss before an unexpected audience.
corpus document1383
four daughters
the lemp sisters, emma (gale page), thea (lola lane), kay (rosemary lane), and ann (priscilla lane) are prodigies in a musical family headed by their father, adam (claude rains). the lemps also run a boarding house, and among the tenants is felix deitz (jeffrey lynn), a young composer whom the four daughters want to attract. emma, the oldest daughter, is the object of affection of a neighbor, ernest (dick foran), but she rebuffs his attentions. thea, a pianist and the second eldest, is courted by wealthy ben crowley (frank mchugh), another neighbor, but she is not sure she loves him. kay, the third daughter, is a talented singer and has a chance at a music school scholarship but doesn't want to leave home. the youngest daughter is ann, a violinist. mickey (john garfield), an orchestral arranger and friend of felix, falls for ann, but felix also has had his eyes on her and proposes marriage. an hour before ann and felix are to marry, mickey tells ann that emma is in love with felix. ann then observes emma's distress after parting from felix for the ceremony, and decides to step out of their way. she leaves and sends a telegram the wedding participants get, telling them she has eloped with mickey. ernest is prominent in calming people. four months later, ann and mickey are living a hard life in new york, professing love for each other but penniless and unhappy. mickey is invited to form a band and go to south america with some fellow-musicians, but cannot afford passage, and ann does not want to go. the family meets at the lemps' house for christmas, except kay, who is singing on the radio that night. emma has not gotten together with felix, but is now engaged to ernest; she tells ann that she had thought she was in love with felix and would have kept on thinking so and spoiled her life if ann had married him, but she was awakened to ernest's qualities when he took charge at the abortive wedding. felix is alone and unhappy, though he has a good conducting job awaiting him in seattle. mickey observes all this, and feels like an outsider and a failure. when he and ben go to see felix off at the train station in a snowstorm, he drives ben's car and drops ben off for an errand; as the train pulls out, felix presses some money on him and tells him to use it for ann, and mickey, realizing that felix and ann really belong together, speeds through the snow until he crashes the car. the family comes to the hospital, and he dies with ann at his bedside. a while later, all four daughters are home making music with their loved ones when felix returns, and he and ann renew their love.
corpus document1384
four's a crowd
reporter jean christy (rosalind russell) works for a newspaper in danger of being thrown away by its young owner, pat buckley (patric knowles), after buckley has a falling-out with the editor-in-chief, robert lansford (errol flynn). meanwhile, lansford hopes to gain tycoon john dillingwell's (walter connolly) business for his public relations firm, and uses his position at buckley's paper to drum up good press for dillingwell. in the process, he discovers that dillingwell's granddaughter lorri (olivia de havilland) is buckley's fiancée. lansford decides to try to charm lorri while christy makes a play for buckley.
corpus document1385
fugitives for a night
a hollywood actor is accused of murder and attempts to scheme his way out of it.
corpus document1386
girls on probation
innocent young connie heath (jane bryan) is persuaded to borrow a party dress from her friend, "fast girl" hilda engstrom (sheila bromley), who has actually misappropriated it from the dry cleaner where she works. after the real owner of the dress, witchy gloria adams (susan hayward), spots connie out in the dress (which is subsequently torn in a car door), connie is falsely accused of theft and prosecuted as hilda flees town and leaves her to take the blame. though gloria withdraws her charge, the insurance company continues to persecute poor connie, resulting in a charge of grand larceny. championing her cause is crusading attorney neil dillon (ronald reagan)- coincidentally, also connie's date on the evening in question- who gets connie off with probation. connie leaves town after being mistreated by her unsympathetic father (sig ruman) and gets a job in order to pay for the damaged dress. one day she spots hilda waiting in a parked car on the street and begins to argue with her in the car when hilda's boyfriend emerges from a bank he has just robbed, fleeing the scene with connie in tow. she is arrested and convicted while refusing to give her real name or full story for fear of humiliating her family. eventually the truth begins to emerge, and connie is given probation, returns home, and becomes engaged to dillon. when hilda is given probation, she returns to town as well, to make even more trouble for connie, especially after her boyfriend escapes prison.[2]
corpus document1387
go chase yourself
a milquetoast bank clerk finds himself stuck a speeding trailer towed by gangsters after a bank robbery goes awry. unfortunately for him, the police and even his own domineering wife, believe that he is the robber and so head off in hot pursuit precipitated by a fast-paced merry chase.
corpus document1388
god's step children
a young black woman arrives at the home of a black widow, mrs. saunders, and begs her to look after her light-skinned baby, whom she cannot afford to feed. at first she says this is temporary while she looks for work, but as she leaves she declares she will never be back. mrs. saunders pledges to raise the "poor little darling" as her own, alongside her own son jimmie. she names her naomi. nine years later, schoolgirl naomi is thought by the other black children to be aloof; they accuse the light-complexioned child of not wanting to be black. this looks true the day naomi disappears on her way to school and jimmie tells his mother that naomi deliberately avoided the black school she was supposed to attend and instead went to attend a white school. naomi denies jimmie's accusation, saying he's lying because he hates girls. when mrs. cushinberry threatens to punish her for being insolent and mean, naomi furiously explodes that she hates her and the other children and that she only came to the school because her mother sent her there. she spits in the teacher's face which results in mrs. cushinberry spanking her. that evening, mrs. cushinberry visits mrs. saunders, but when she realizes that naomi didn't tell her mother what happened that afternoon, she decides to keep silent. but naomi has been eavesdropping, and when the teacher leaves she starts to tell her mother that the teacher was the one at fault. then jimmie reveals the truth: naomi was spanked at school for being unruly and then spitting in the teacher's face. mrs. saunders spanks naomi herself. later, naomi starts a rumor that mrs. cushinberry is having an affair with a married professor; soon a riot erupts at school and a crowd of angry parents marches to the school superintendent's house to demand that he fire both teachers. when jimmie tells mrs. saunders about the riot, she rushes to the superintendent's office to dispel the rumor naomi started. because of this, naomi is soon sent to a convent. about 12 years later, jimmie has earned $6700 as a pullman porter and he is approached by ontrue cowper, who tries to interest him in investing in the numbers racket. jimmie rejects this offer, investing in a farm instead. after proposing to his sweetheart eva, jimmie invites his mother to live on his new farm. naomi returns to town, reformed by her life at the convent, and apologizes to her mother for having been a bad child. when jimmie and naomi are reunited, the scene implies naomi's romantic attachment towards him. mrs. saunders arranges to have jimmie take naomi to see the city. although things go well, eva's aunt carrie doesn't trust naomi's unnatural interest in jimmie and believes that she should be watched. aunt carrie’s suspicions prove to be well-founded as naomi soon confesses her love for her adoptive brother. when jimmie, eva, and naomi return to the country, jimmie introduces naomi to his friend, clyde wade, who immediately falls in love with her. clyde is a dark-skinned african american with a country accent. naomi finds him repulsive and confesses to jimmie that she has always wanted him to marry her. realizing that eva would be crushed by the loss of jimmie, naomi consents to marry clyde. one year later, naomi tells her mother that she is leaving clyde and her newborn son and is also “leaving the negro race.” a few years after that, naomi comes back to the farm one night and silently creeps up to the window, through which she sees a happy family scene that will never include her. after getting one last look at her family, naomi drowns herself in the river.
corpus document1389
gold diggers in paris
maurice giraud (hugh herbert) is sent to new york to arrange for the academy ballet of america to come to paris to compete for cash prizes at an international dance festival, but a cabbie takes him by mistake to the club ballé, a nightclub about to go under. the desperate owners of the club, terry moore (rudy vallee) and duke dennis (allen jenkins), know that there's been an error, but see the invitation as a way out of their financial problems. to get some ballet into their nightclub act, they hire ballet teacher luis leoni (fritz feld) and his star (and only) pupil kay morrow (rosemary lane) to teach their girls ballet on the boat crossing the atlantic. terry finds kay very attractive, but things are complicated when his ex-wife, mona (gloria dickson), invites herself along, rooming with kay. meanwhile, the head of the real ballet company, padrinsky (curt bois), finds out what's happened and cables giraud aboard ship, then heads to paris with his patron, a ballet-loving gangster named mike coogan (edward brophy), who intends to rub out terry and duke. giraud is upset about being hoaxed, but is mollified when a "talking dog" (a ventriloquist hired by terry and duke) convinces him that padrinsky is the liar. after they arrive in paris, a representative of the exposition, pierre le brec (melville cooper), wants to watch the group's rehearsals, and duke tells his new friend coogan, the gangster, that le brec is causing him trouble. coogan goes to "take care" of the problem, but by mistake knocks out leoni instead of le brec. padrinsky shows up and arranges for the imposters to be deported on the day of the contest, but mona manages to change the order so that coogan and padrinsky are shipped out instead, which allows the company to perform and win the grand prize.[1][2]
corpus document1390
gold is where you find it
a new gold strike in california ten years after the american civil war triggers a bitter feud between farmers and miners using hydraulic mining methods that flood the farmlands.
corpus document1391
goodbye broadway
molly and pat malloy, a married couple of famed vaudeville performers on the verge of retirement, arrive in a small connecticut town to play a show, when they're insulted by the clerk of the shabby local hotel, the malloys buy the hotel just for the satisfaction of firing him. but this aggravates the local realtor who's had his eye on the property. for revenge, the realtor places an ad in variety that the malloys are providing free room and board for any of their eccentric old vaudeville friends who might show up. many do.
corpus document1392
the great waltz
the highly fictionalised story sees 'schani' dismissed from his job in a bank. he puts together a group of unemployed musicians who wangle a performance at dommayer's cafe. the audience is minimal, but when two opera singers, carla donner (miliza korjus) and fritz schiller (george houston), visit whilst their carriage is being repaired, the music attracts a wider audience. strauss is caught up in a student protest; he and carla donner avoid arrest and escape to the vienna woods, where he is inspired to create the waltz 'tales from the vienna woods'. carla asks strauss for some music to sing at an aristocratic soiree and this leads to the composer receiving a publishing contract. he's on his way, and he can now marry poldi vogelhuber, his sweetheart. but the closeness of strauss and carla donner during rehearsals of operettas, atrracts comment, not least from count hohenfried, donner's admirer. poldi remains loyal to strauss and the marriage is a long one. he is received by the kaiser franz joseph i of austria (whom he unknowingly insulted in the aftermath of the student protests) and the two stand before cheering crowds on the balcony of schönbrunn.
corpus document1393
happy landing
a bandleader, duke sargent, and his manager jimmy hall are flying from new york to paris when they must make a forced landing in norway. a misunderstanding results in local girl trudy ericksen being romantically committed to duke, but he has flo kelly waiting for him back in new york and slips away. trudy follows him to new york, but ends up in central park on a skating date with jimmy and soon is signed up as the star of a big-city ice revue.
corpus document1394
hard to get
new york oil magnate ben richards (charles winninger) and his family are preparing to leave for newport for their summer vacation. his spoiled willful daughter margaret (olivia de havilland) refuses to go and storms out of the house, borrowing a car belonging to her father's valet. on the road she notices the car is low on gas and stops at an auto court gas station. the attendant, bill davis (dick powell), fills up the tank and requests the $3.50 payment. with no money on her, margaret tries to charge the amount to her father's account, but bill refuses, not knowing who she is. instead, he offers to let her work off her debt by making the beds and cleaning the rooms at the auto court motel. outraged by this suggestion, margaret attempts to drive off, but backs into a truck preventing her from leaving. when a police officer arrives, margaret is forced to comply with bill's offer, and she spends the next few hours making beds and cleaning rooms. margaret returns home vowing revenge on bill for his treatment of her. at first she asks her father—who is on the board of the oil company that owns the station—to have bill fired. after listening to her story, however, her father agrees with the way bill handled the issue and tells her she'll have to find her own way of getting her revenge. the next day, margaret returns to the auto court gas station and apologizes to bill, pretending to have forgiven him. attracted to the beautiful heiress, who now pretends to be her family's maid "maggie", bill asks her on a date and she accepts. that night, bill sneaks them into a banquet for a free dinner, then takes her up to the empire state building, where he tells her about his dream of building a string of auto courts across the country. margaret tells him she thinks it's a great idea and sends him to her father to get financing for his plan—even providing him her father's old nickname "spouter" so the secretaries will think he is one of ben's old friends. margaret knows that when her father sees that bill used the nickname to pretend he was an old friend, he will make his life miserable. as margaret planned, bill is given the runaround by ben and his business associate atwater—neither of whom know that margaret is behind the whole thing. when ben discovers that his daughter planned the revenge pretending to be his maid, he invites bill over to dinner for some fun at their expense. maggie turns the tables by inducing the real maid to masquerade as ben's daughter. still believing that ben wants to help him, bill sneaks into a party given by atwater where he finally discovers that margaret, ben, and atwater have been making a fool of him. after telling them all off, bill storms out of the party, not knowing that margaret has fallen in love with him. realizing that bill's national auto court plan has great potential, ben and atwater fight over who will finance the project. they converge on the high-rise construction site where bill is now working and agree to be partners and pay bill a substantial fee to serve as their architect. bill accepts the offer. sometime later, margaret visits bill at one of the newly built auto courts seeking forgiveness for what she's done. ben soon arrives with a justice of the peace who is prepared to marry them. after ben's wife arrives trying to prevent the wedding, bill finally agrees to marry margaret.
corpus document1395
having wonderful time
bored new york office girl teddy goes to a vacation camp in the catskill mountains called camp kare free, for rest and to get away from the noisy, busy, city life and avoid advances from emil. she meets and at first does not like waiter chick. she also meets friend fay, her roommate miriam, and buzzy. miriam has eyes for buzzy, who seems to have eyes for everyone. within her two-week stay, teddy and chick fall in love and spend every day together. one night teddy becomes angry with chick and leaves him to go to a party where she meets up with buzzy. a storm rolls in and buzzy invites her to his cabin, which he rents by himself. initially refusing and wanting to be with friends, teddy sees chick at the party and asks buzzy to go to his cabin. at the cabin she tells buzzy she isn't interested but loves to play backgammon. chick rushes in to save teddy but becomes embarrassed when he sees the innocent board game. he returns to the party and waits there to talk with teddy when she returns home. teddy accidentally falls asleep at buzzy's cabin and stays overnight. while trying to sneak out the next morning teddy is spotted leaving by miriam. emil shows up to drive teddy back to the city and the two sit down to eat, with chick as their waiter. all three of them overhear miriam yelling at buzzy for having teddy stay overnight. chick goes on a punching spree and chases after teddy out of the restaurant. the two reconcile and plan their married life.
corpus document1396
he couldn't say no
lambert t. hunkins (frank mchugh) works at a linoleum company. when his boss, oxnard o. parsons (ferris taylor), gives him a raise from $30 a month to $40, his girlfriend violet's (jane wyman) mother, mrs. coney (cora witherspoon), decides that it is time for the two to get married. lambert is too meek to object. they go to an auction to buy some furniture, but when he sees a statue that resembles socialite iris mabby (diana lewis), the woman he adores from afar, he buys it, over the coneys' objections. as lambert is leaving, iris's father, senator mabby (berton churchill), tries to buy the statue from him, but lambert refuses to sell at any price. their bargaining attracts the attention of a street reporter (john ridgely), and the story of the humble office worker turning down a large sum of money gets into the media. the senator rushes off before he can be recognized. it turns out that senator mabby is mounting a public campaign against nudity, and the artwork (for which his daughter posed) would be terribly embarrassing to him. iris does not care. iris visits lambert, curious about the buyer. she finds he is like no other man she has ever met, and encourages him to stand firm against her father. julia becker, the sculptor, also pays a visit. despite his weak protests, she insists she will send him two companion statues (also based on iris). meanwhile, crook hymie atlas (raymond hatton) decides the statue must be worth a lot of money. he and his two thugs, slug (william haade) and dimples (tom kennedy), barge into lambert's apartment to steal it. when senator mabby and iris show up to make another offer, the three gangsters hide in the next room. with a gun secretly pointed at him, lambert is forced to insist on a price of $150,000. the senator refuses, and iris is disillusioned. after the mabbys leave, hymie assigns dimples to keep an eye on lambert. the next day, lambert receives a telegram, bearing an iowa museum's bid of $5000. lambert manages to knock dimples out and steal a linoleum truck to transport the artwork to the museum's representatives. however, hymie and slug return before he can load it. they tie him up and drive to the buyers, unaware that lambert has outsmarted them (what they think is the covered statue is actually an unconscious dimples). when parsons brings the police, looking for his truck, lambert leads them to the thieves. the crooks are captured, and an impressed parsons gives lambert his job back. when violet and her mother also show up, an emboldened lambert tells them he is not going to marry violet. with the $5000 check in hand, he proposes to iris instead; she cannot say no.
corpus document1397
her jungle love
two pilots (ray milland, lynne overman) on a rescue mission meet a white jungle girl (dorothy lamour) in the south seas.
corpus document1398
hold that co-ed
former star quarterback rusty stevens believes he's being hired to be prosperous clayton university's new football coach, but finds it's actually rundown state college in the same town that is giving him that job. gov. gabby harrigan, who is running for the u.s. senate, has slashed state's budget so much that the school only owns one football. rusty leads a student protest at the state capitol that ends up in a brawl. the governor's opponent in the senate campaign, major breckenridge, capitalizes politically on harrigan's unpopularity at the college. harrigan's bright secretary marjorie blake persuades the governor to retaliate by raising funds for state and proposing to build it a 100,000-seat stadium (to be named after him). she also recruits new players for state including a couple of tough wrestlers, promising them government jobs and $500 a game. state begins winning game after game. as a publicity stunt, state even ends up with college football's first woman, co-ed lizzie olsen becoming the team's kicker. harrigan publicly dares mighty clayton to a game, challenging his adversary by vowing to quit the senate race if state loses the game. breckenridge has no choice but to accept. all's well until rusty reveals the unethical payment to players. a depleted state squad is overmatched during the game, but with the score 7-6 in clayton's favor, on the last play of the game lizzie snatches a batted-down pass in mid-air and crosses the goal line for a game-winning touchdown for state.
corpus document1399
hold that kiss
travel agency clerk tommy bradford (dennis o'keefe) delivers tickets to wealthy j. westley piermont (george barbier) at the lavish wedding of his daughter. piermont introduces him to model june evans (maureen o'sullivan), but neglects to mention neither one is a guest. june is there to help the daughter with her wedding dress. both pretend to be rich. tommy gives june his telephone number, but neither expects anything to come of their momentary attraction to each other. that night, after she tells her family about her adventure, her obnoxious, younger, musician brother chick (mickey rooney) phones tommy, pretending to be june's servant, and forces his sister to continue the charade. tommy is pressured to maintain the masquerade as well by his roommate al (edward brophy), an insurance salesman who dreams of making contacts in new york high society. they begin seeing each other. their first date is at the westminster dog show, where they run into piermont again. he has two dogs entered in the competition. piermont insists his pomeranian will win, but tommy champions his other entry, a st. bernard. sure of himself, the millionaire promises to give the st. bernard to tommy if it wins. it does, and he does. with no place to keep it, tommy makes a present of it to june. their second date is at a movie theater where another of june's brothers (phillip terry) works. by this point, june's family is anxious to meet her boyfriend. her aunt lucy (jessie ralph) is the housekeeper for a wealthy family, so while her employers are away, she borrows their home to host a dinner. afterward, tommy tries to confess to june, but she misunderstands and thinks he has found her out instead. outraged by what she thinks are insults aimed at her family, she breaks up with him. fortunately, aunt lucy recognizes tommy and sets her niece straight. june shows up at tommy's workplace and gives him a hard time, pretending to be a potential customer. when she leaves, tommy sees her get into a delivery van with her employer's name on it. realizing the truth, he goes to her workplace and returns the favor, forcing her to model dress after dress. in the end though, they decide to restart their relationship afresh.
corpus document1400
holiday
johnny case (cary grant), a self-made man who has worked all of his life, is about to marry julia seton (doris nolan), whom he met while on holiday in lake placid, new york. he knows very little about his bride-to-be, and is flabbergasted to learn that she is from an extremely wealthy family, the daughter of banker edward seton (henry kolker). case then meets julia's vivacious sister, linda (katharine hepburn), to whom he confides his plan to take a long holiday from work to find the meaning of life. he then meets the sisters' alcoholic brother, ned (lew ayres), whose spirit has been broken by subservience to their father. at first julia's father is stunned when she tells him about her plan to marry johnny, but he is appeased after meeting johnny and looking into his work history. julia makes plans for an elaborate new year's eve engagement party, even though she promised linda that linda could throw a smaller and more personal affair for johnny and herself, one that would include only close friends. on the night of the party, and upset that she did not get to throw the engagement party she was promised, linda refuses to come down from her favorite room in the house. when julia sends johnny to get her he finds her and ned in the "playroom" – the one truly human room in the enormous, cold, over-built park avenue mansion – with johnny's off-beat friends, professor nick potter and his wife susan (edward everett horton and jean dixon), who had gotten lost and serendipitously ended up there. the group spends a joyful time together, interrupted – just as johnny and linda display a tumbling trick together – by julia and her father. mr. seton offers johnny a job at his bank, and johnny reveals his plans for a holiday from work. julia is appalled, as is her domineering father, and, after seeing in the new year with linda, and the announcement of the engagement to the assembled guests, johnny leaves the mansion in a dark mood without saying goodbye to the family, although wishing the kitchen staff a happy new year as he leaves. linda tells her brother that she has fallen in love with johnny, but because of her love for her sister she will keep her feelings to herself. hoping to patch things up between johnny and julia, linda goes to see the potters and finds them packing their trunks for a voyage to europe. she learns from them that johnny is planning to go as well, and that he has asked julia to go with them. a telegram arrives, informing them that julia has turned him down. linda returns home, hoping to change her sister's mind, but they argue instead. julia is certain that johnny will give up his plans and return to her. just then johnny arrives with a compromise: he will work at the bank for two years but will quit then if he is unhappy. mr. seton accepts this, and julia and he begin planning the couple's honeymoon in minute detail, mixing together stops at the homes of relatives with business-related matters. this makes johnny realize that it just won't work, that marrying julia on these terms will be more of an encumbrance on his freedom than he can abide, and he leaves to meet the potters to sail to europe. linda sees from julia's reaction that she is relieved by johnny's decision, and makes julia admit that she does not really love him after all. with the way now clear, and inspired by johnny, linda renounces her father's stifling influence and declares her independence, rushing off to meet johnny and the potters to go on holiday. meanwhile, the potters arrive at the ship, sad that johnny went to take the job at the bank. he surprises them and explains that he couldn't go through with it, and they cheerfully celebrate together. johnny is doing a back flip in the ship's hallway when linda arrives. he sees her while in mid-handspring and falls on his stomach rather than finishing. when she greets the three of them johnny takes her hand, pulls her down to the floor, and they kiss.
corpus document1401
i am the law
new york city law professor john lindsay (robinson) is asked by eugene ferguson (kruger), a member of the governor's civic committee, to become a special prosecutor to fight racketeers and corruption in the city, but unknown to lindsay, ferguson is in association with the racketeers.[1]
corpus document1402
i'll give a million
in the south of france, wealthy american businessman tony newlander is fed up with life. it seems everyone is friendly with him only because of his money or influence, including his ex-wife cecilia and his valet. while on his yacht, he spots louie, a tramp drowning in the water. unable to attract the crew's attention over the sound of the ship's whistle, tony jumps in to rescue him. the yacht sails away, so tony drags a strangely uncooperative louie ashore. it turns out that louie was trying to commit suicide. however, since he has been saved, he desists from trying again. louie takes him to his shack on the beach. the next morning, the tramp discovers that tony has taken louie's clothes and left his tuxedo and money behind in exchange. louie dresses up in his new finery and goes to a cafe for breakfast. the proprietor thinks he stole the money he flashes. louie insists that an eccentric millionaire, dressed like a tramp, gave him a million francs and will do the same to anyone who is kind to him in his disguise. a reporter publishes his story, and soon everyone is being extra generous to anybody who looks down on his luck. meanwhile, tony encounters a mischievous chimpanzee named darwin. jean hofmann, a performer at the circus primerose, enlists tony to capture darwin. the chimp indulges in a favorite pastime, setting off a fire alarm. tony is blamed for the rash of phony alarms, taken into custody and sentenced to ten days in jail. however, after the judge reads the newspaper article, he lets tony go. tony flips a borrowed coin, which sends him to the circus. jean gets anatole primerose, the proprietor, to give him a job as a relief night watchman. meanwhile, tramps flood the region to take advantage of the situation. soon there are complaints, and the newspaper editor is pressured to either produce the millionaire or retract the story. he in turn threatens to accuse louie of murdering the millionaire and stealing his money and gives him one last chance to find the man. the police round up all the tramps in town for louie to look over. tony and jean start falling in love, but to stop max, the jealous son of the proprietor, from getting tony fired, jean lies (so she thinks) and tells him she is being friendly to tony only because he is the millionaire. unfortunately, tony overhears her. to save himself from a possible charge of murder, louie identifies a tramp at random as the millionaire: kopelpeck. disillusioned, tony decides to end the charade and expose the imposter, but no one will believe him. in fact, he is thrown in jail for making a nuisance of himself. jean bails him out. then tony discovers that jean does not believe he is the millionaire. his identity is finally confirmed by the captain of his yacht and others. the public surrounds the police station, demanding to be compensated for their misguided efforts. to prevent a riot, tony agrees to donate half a million to the poor and the same amount to the city, but only if jean will marry him. she holds out for a while, but then gives in.
corpus document1403
if i were king
king louis xi of france (basil rathbone) is in desperate straits. he is besieged in paris by the burgundians and suspects that there is a traitor in his court. he goes in disguise to a tavern to see who accepts a message from the enemy. while there, he is amused by the antics of poet françois villon (ronald colman), who has stolen food from the royal storehouse. the rascal criticizes the king and brags about how much better he would do if he were in louis' place. the traitor is revealed to be grand constable d'aussigny (john miljan), but before he can be arrested, the turncoat is killed in a brawl by villon. as a jest, louis rewards villon by making him the new constable, though the king secretly intends to have him executed after a week. his low-born origin kept a secret, villon falls in love with lady-in-waiting katherine devaucelles (frances dee) and she with him. then louis informs villon about his grim fate. villon escapes, but when the burgundians break down the city gates, he rallies the common people to rout them and lift the siege. having had to put up with villon's impudence and wanting less aggravation in his life, louis decides to permanently exile him from paris. villon leaves on foot, with katherine following at a discreet distance.
corpus document1404
in old mexico
hoppy (william boyd) and his pals must journey to mexico after receiving a summons. upon arrival, they realize that it was fake and that a good friend has been mysteriously murdered. they solve the puzzle with the assistance of the killer's feisty sister and a band of helpful caballeros.[3]
corpus document1405
island in the sky
julie hayes (gloria stuart) is betrothed to michael fraser (michael whalen), assistant district attorney. peter vincent (robert kellard) is falsely convicted of murder of his father stephen vincent and is condemned to death, julie postpones her wedding to prove him innocent. she enlists the help of johnny doyle (paul kelly a former gangster and eventually succeeds in saving the innocent man's life.[1]
corpus document1406
jezebel
in 1852 new orleans, spoiled, strong-willed belle julie marsden (bette davis) is engaged to banker preston "pres" dillard (fonda). in retaliation for pres refusing to drop his work and accompany her while she shops for a dress, she orders a brazen red one for the olympus ball, the most important ball of the year, though an unmarried woman is expected to wear a white dress. all of julie's friends are shocked, but no one can convince her to give up her whim. at the olympus ball, pres and julie's entrance is met with shock and disdain by all present. she finally realizes the magnitude of her social blunder and begs pres to take her away, but instead he forces her to dance with him. all of the other dancers leave the floor. when the orchestra stops playing at the instruction of one of the ball's sponsors, pres orders the conductor to continue. pres and julie finish the dance. afterwards, pres takes his leave of julie, implicitly breaking their engagement. in a final bit of spite, julie slaps him in the face. aunt belle massey (fay bainter) urges her to go after pres and beg his forgiveness, but she refuses, confident that he will return to her. instead, he goes north on business. julie shuts herself up in her house and refuses to see visitors. a year later, pres finally returns, to help dr. livingstone (crisp) try to convince the city authorities to take measures against an outbreak of yellow fever. at a homecoming party planned for pres at halcyon plantation, the family's country estate, julie wears a luminous white gown, and, before pres can stop her, julie humbles herself and begs for his forgiveness and a return of his love. then pres introduces her to his wife, northerner amy (margaret lindsay). dismayed, julie eggs on her admirer, skilled duellist buck cantrell (brent), to quarrel with pres, but the scheme goes awry. pres's inexperienced brother ted (richard cromwell) is the one who is goaded into challenging buck to a duel. in an unexpected twist, ted shoots and kills buck. then something happens that overshadows everything else. as dr. livingstone had warned repeatedly, a deadly epidemic of yellow fever sweeps the city, as it had done numerous times before. pres is stricken and, like all other victims, is to be quarantined on an island. amy prepares to go along to care for him, risking her own life, but julie tells her that she does not know how to deal with the slaves and southerners on the island. she begs to go in her place, as an act of redemption. amy agrees, but only after julie admits that pres no longer has any love for julie.
corpus document1407
joy of living
margaret "maggie" garret is the star of a new musical show, glamour, having come up the hard way, following the family tradition of stage performance. she now earns a large salary but is devastated to learn that she is deeply in debt. she has worked extremely hard to make the show a success, but spends huge sums on a palatial home, and supporting her parents dennis and minerva, her sister salina (also her understudy) and salina's work-shy husband, bert pine. after the show one night, she forces her way through her adoring fans and is accosted by dan webster, who latches on to her and won't be put off. taking him as a "masher", she drives to the police station, but dan charmingly talks his way out of the charge. when it happens again, dan is forced to appear to court and demands that maggie appear as a witness. the judge finds the charge proved and sentences dan to six months in prison. maggie, who is slowly taking a liking to dan's debonair manner, begs the judge to commute the sentence to a suspended one. he agrees, but appoints maggie the "probation officer", to whom dan must report twice-weekly. dan, now revealed as an easy-going pleasure-seeker from a rich banking family, claims to own an island in the south pacific, bought with family money. he continues to pursue the hard-working maggie, attempting to convince her to take time off and have fun - as he does. eventually, they fall in love and marry. dan wants to immediately board his boat and sail to his island, which he calls "paradise", but maggie has a show to do. she must make a choice. maggie returns to the family home and confronts her sponging family. she tells her parents, who have spent a fortune on acquiring antiques, to go into the antiques business. she tells her sister that this is her big chance - tonight she will take the stage and (perhaps) make her name. maggie and dan sail off to paradise.
corpus document1408
judge hardy's children
judge hardy (lewis stone) has been appointed chairman of a special committee in washington, dc. the judge's daughter marian (cecilia parker) is intoxicated by washington's social life, while son andy (mickey rooney) falls for a pretty daughter of a french diplomat. thus, the judge is obliged to juggle his committee duties with his efforts to keep his children from making fools of themselves.[2]
corpus document1409
kentucky
during the civil war, thad goodwin, sr., (charles waldron) of elmtree farm, a local horse breeder resists capt. john dillon (douglass dumbrille) and a company of union soldiers confiscating his prize horses. he is killed by dillon and his youngest son peter (bobs watson) cries at the soldiers riding away with the horses. 75 years later, in 1938, peter (walter brennan) now a crotchety old man, still resides on elmtree farm and raises horses with his niece sally (loretta young). dillon's grandson jack (richard greene) and sally meet, her not knowing that he was a dillon. sally's father thad goodwin, jr., dies when his speculation on cotton drops. the goodwins are forced to auction off nearly all their horses and jack offers his services to sally, as a trainer of their last prize horse, "bessie's boy", who is later injured. sally eventually loses the farm, and mr. dillon makes good on his original bet with thad jr. and offers her any two-year-old on his farm. she picks "blue grass" instead of the favorite, "postman", and jack trains him for the derby. she eventually learns of jack's real identity and fires him as trainer. during the race, blue grass runs neck and neck with the dillon's horse postman, but blue grass wins thanks to jack's advice. sally embraces jack, but peter collapses before the decoration ceremony and dies. at his funeral, dillon eulogizes him and of the american life of the past, as "the grand old man of the american turf".
corpus document1410
kentucky moonshine
radio singer tony martin's rating are slipping, so he makes travel plans to the southern united states to find new talent. the ritz boys get wind of tony's pending trip. marjorie weaver and the ritz brothers make a trip to kentucky. there they pose as hillbillies in order to be discovered.
corpus document1411
kidnapped
in 1747, david balfour's evil uncle arranges for him to be kidnapped and sent to sea where he meets exiled alan breck. the two make their way back to scotland and justice.
corpus document1412
king of alcatraz
just as gangster steve murkil is escaping from alcatraz prison, rival san francisco radio operators ray grayson and bob macarthur find themselves assigned to a freighter run by captain glennan, headed out to sea. among those on board are a new nurse, dale borden, and passengers including a young woman and her mother. the younger one is murkil's moll and the mother is murkil himself in disguise, making a getaway, with several of his cronies also aboard ship. ray and bob both develop a romantic interest in dale and both end up in confrontations with murkil. a fight results in ray being wounded, with dale receiving radio instructions on how to perform an operation that he immediately needs. murkil nearly makes his escape until he is shot by glennan. on shore, ray and dale decide to get married, with bob their best man.
corpus document1413
the lady objects
bill hayward's years as a college athlete and singer are behind him, and while he struggles financially, his attorney wife ann is prospering, promoted to junior partner in her law firm. while she's in washington, d.c., on business, bill accompanies friends june and george to a new york city nightclub where they have been hired to entertain. he is persuaded to get on stage and sing himself, but resists the temptation to get into a romantic situation with june, a former girlfriend from their school days. june gets inebriated and a stumble results in her accidental death. bill, however, is charged with her murder. ann offers to defend him in court, but bill can't bear that thought. when the case goes badly against him, however, ann volunteers information that results in bill's acquittal and their reconciliation.
corpus document1414
the law west of tombstone
a judge roy bean figure dispenses justice in arizona. he teams up with the tonto kid to fight the mcquinn gang.
corpus document1415
little miss broadway
betsy brown is released from an orphanage into the care of pop shea, her parents' friend who runs a boarding house for theatrical performers. sarah wendling, the curmudgeon owner and next-door neighbor of the building, detests "show people" and their noise, and demands pop pay the $2,500 back rent he owes or move out immediately. her nephew roger is in love with pop's daughter barbara and files suit against sarah in order to gain control of the building and his inheritance, with which he plans to stage a show starring the hotel residents. sarah questions the soundness of roger's investment in the show, and betsy convinces the judge to see the production before he decides the case. with the assistance of her friends, the little girl presents a lavish musical revue in the courtroom that so impresses one of the observers he offers the troupe $2,500 a week to star in his international follies. having had a change of heart, sarah insists the show is worth $5,000 and convinces the impresario to double his offer. roger and barbara then announce their intent to wed and adopt betsy.
corpus document1416
little tough guy
johnny boylan's (billy halop) father was sentenced to death for a crime that he was never fully proven to have committed. he and his family move to a poorer section of the east side in new york city. his sister, kay (helen parrish) resorts to dancing in a burlesque theater after she is fired from her job. her former fiance, paul wilson (robert wilcox), still cares for her and wants to help her, but she avoids him because of the shame she is feeling. johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. they try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful. in frustration, johnny tosses a brick through the judge's car window, which begins his life of crime. he enlists his friend "pig" (huntz hall) to help him rob a drugstore. they are subsequently chased by the police and hide out. however, the cops find them and pig begs johnny to surrender. eventually pig leaves the store and is shot and killed by the police. johnny is captured and sent to reform school.
corpus document1417
lord jeff
young "lord" geoffrey braemer (freddie bartholomew) is supposedly an english aristocrat. in fact, he is an orphan and willing accomplice to con artists jim hampstead (george zucco) and doris clandon (gale sondergaard), who took him in when his parents died in a train wreck. he conveniently faints in a jewelry store, distracting the employees and allowing jim to steal a valuable necklace. however, an astute insurance investigator catches him. he is sent to russell-cotes, a mercantile marine school, one of many vocational schools run by dr. barnardo's home for orphaned boys, with the warning that if he does not behave himself, he will be transferred to a reformatory. the school is headed by captain briggs (charles coburn). briggs assigns longtime "honor boy" terry o'mulvaney (mickey rooney) to take geoff under his wing. despite excelling in sea knowledge from his previous education, geoff is not interested in fitting in; he only wants to return to london to be reunited with doris and jim, although he waits in vain for a letter from them. he antagonizes all of the other boys, with the exception of the irrepressibly cheerful albert baker (terry kilburn). when the boys are given liberty at a banquet in the town, geoff uses the opportunity to run away. terry tracks him down and, after a fight, takes him back to school. unfortunately, it is very late, and terry is caught sneaking into the dormitory. when he refuses to inform on geoff to excuse his actions, he is stripped of his rank and, worse, loses his chance of getting one of five coveted jobs offered the boys on the luxury liner rms queen mary. geoff smugly refuses to reveal his part, angering the other boys, who "put the chill" on him, refusing to speak to him at all. the bleak isolation of not being spoken to by the other boys takes its toll on geoff, although he doesn't want to show it. he learns several life lessons under the mentoring of kindly and wise instructor "crusty" jelks (herbert mundin). geoff confesses his runaway attempt to captain briggs, knowing it could mean being sent to the reformatory, so that terry might possibly be reinstated for the queen mary. he asks captain briggs not to tell the boys that the information clearing terry came from him. briggs selects terry and geoff to join the crew of the queen mary. when doris and jim finally manage to contact geoff, he refuses to go back to his crooked life, and tells them he is going to sail on the queen mary. since the stolen necklace is too well known in england, jim sews it inside geoff's coat when geoff is not looking, and books passage aboard the queen mary, bound for america. the necklace is found at the school, forcing geoff to choose between conflicting loyalties. he chooses wisely, but doris and jim are nowhere to be found. geoff is taken in for questioning by the police, meaning he will miss the sea voyage. luckily, one of his schoolmates recognizes the crooked couple on the queen mary, and they are arrested in time for geoff to board the ship and join terry.
corpus document1418
love finds andy hardy
it is december 1938 in the town of carvel. andy hardy (mickey rooney) is putting a $12 down payment on a used car. he is desperate to take his girlfriend polly benedict (ann rutherford) to the christmas eve dance in his own car, but he must pay an additional $8 by december 23 for the car to be his. when polly tells andy she will be visiting her grandmother for the next three weeks and will not be able to attend the christmas eve dance with him, andy vows to attend the dance alone. judge hardy (lewis stone) later encounters his son, andy, and andy broaches the subject of car ownership, but judge hardy tells andy that he cannot have his own car. returning home for the evening, judge hardy runs into 12-year-old betsy booth (judy garland), who is staying with her grandparents for the christmas holiday. betsy’s grandmother has been effusive about andy hardy and betsy is thrilled to learn he will be her next door neighbor during her stay. judge hardy’s wife, emily (fay holden), receives a telegram that evening informing her that her mother had a serious stroke. emily and her sister leave immediately for rural canada to care for their mother. andy hardy meets betsy booth while delivering some of his mother’s freshly canned preserves. betsy is obviously taken with andy but he does not reciprocate her admiration; he leaves as quickly as possible. beezy (george p. breakston), andy’s friend, asks andy to date cynthia (lana turner), beezy’s girlfriend, while beezy is out of town over the christmas holiday period, so that she will avoid other men. beezy promises to pay andy $8 plus 50 cents a week for expenses for his efforts. andy needs the money to purchase his car, so he agrees. andy starts going out with cynthia, but she is bored by sports activities, and they find they only get along when they are busy kissing; after walking cynthia home andy stops in to visit betsy booth—only he’s covered in cynthia’s lipstick. betsy gives andy a handsome new radiator cap for his anticipated car, and after he leaves she sadly sings “in-between.” one morning andy receives a telegram from polly saying she will be home for the christmas eve dance after all. andy telephones her saying he can’t take her to the dance because of a previous engagement. he thereafter opens a letter from beezy. beezy wrote saying he found a new girlfriend so he wasn’t going to pay andy for dating cynthia. betsy, from a moneyed family, offers to help andy pay for his car, but he refuses her aid. that evening he tells his father about the mess he made. judge hardy explains his point of view about spending money on a car versus putting it aside as savings—and then discloses his deep concern for andy’s mother. judge hardy would like to convey a message to his wife, but there is no telephone at her mother’s home and emily finds telegrams unnerving. andy suggests a message be sent to their mother via ham radio in lieu of sending her a telegram. andy brings judge hardy to the home of twelve-year-old ham radio operator james mcmann jr (gene reynolds) and he sends a message to mrs. hardy. judge hardy is so impressed with james’ help and his son’s ingenuity that he pays the last $8 for andy’s car. betsy deceives cynthia into thinking that andy’s car is an absolute wreck; cynthia haughtily refuses to go to the christmas eve dance with andy. andy feels relieved to be able to date polly again. andy tries to clear things up with polly but, having learned of his fling with cynthia, she angrily tells andy that she won’t go to the dance with him because she has a date with a college boy. christmas eve finds andy wholly dejected at the prospect of not having a date for the dance—but when betsy comes over in her evening gown he decides to take her to the dance. at the dance polly’s date recognizes betsy as an accomplished singer and asks her to perform; andy is scared that she will embarrass him, but she proves to be a fantastic singer and quickly wins over the crowd with “it never rains but it pours” and encores with “meet the beat of my heart.” betsy and andy lead the dance in a grand march after polly leaves in tears. late that evening at home after the dance, betsy booth and the hardy family are gathered together around the christmas tree when mrs. hardy unexpectedly returns home—her mother is getting better. on christmas day betsy explains everything to polly. polly and her date from the dance come over to the hardy home, and polly’s date turns out to be her cousin. betsy expresses her gratitude to andy for a wonderful evening and leaves. polly and andy make up.
corpus document1419
mad about music
gwen taylor (gail patrick) is a famous hollywood film star and about to become more famous. on her manager's advice, she has concealed from the press the fact that she's a widow with a fouteen year old daughter, gloria (deanna durbin). gloria lives in a girls-only boarding school in switzerland. gloria never sees her mother and never knew her father, who died when she was just a baby; he was a navy pilot during wartime. she has invented a fictitious 'father', from who she receives letters, which she writes herself. but the other girls are getting curious and gloria decides to kid them that he's about to visit her. felice (helen parrish), another girl at the school, is suspicious and tries to prove that her father doesn't exist. the girls often meet the boys from a nearby boarding school. one of them, tommy, (jackie moran), has a crush on her, and she likes him as well. at a church service, gloria sings, "ave maria (bach/gounod)" with a boy's choir. gloria needs to quickly find someone to act as her father for a day. she goes to the train station to meet her "father" and the man she picks at random is richard todd (herbert marshall), an english composer on holiday, accompanied by tripps (arthur treacher), his valet/secretary. amused at her presumption, he decides to play along, and comes to her school, acting like he really is her father. gloria discovers that her mother will be visiting paris and that richard is also planning to visit paris on business. she stows away on a train and manages to persuade richard to pay her fare. in paris, richard discovers who gloria's mother is and decides that it's about time for a reunion between her and gloria. at a press conference, gwen admits to having a fourteen-year-old daughter. mother and daughter are tearfully reunited and gwen is grateful to richard for bringing gloria back to her. a budding romance between gwen and richard is now obvious and the movie ends with gloria singing, "a serenade to the stars" while the girls from her school, her mother and richard sit happily together.
corpus document1420
the mad miss manton
at 3:00 am, melsa manton takes her little dogs for a walk. near a subway construction site, she sees ronnie belden run out of a house and drive away. the house is for sale by sheila lane, the wife of george lane, a wealthy banker. inside, melsa finds a diamond brooch and george's dead body. as she runs for help, her cloak falls off with the brooch inside it. when the police arrive, the body, cloak, and brooch are gone. melsa and her friends are notorious pranksters, so the lieutenant, mike brent, does nothing to investigate the murder. peter ames writes an editorial decrying melsa's "prank", and she sues him for libel. melsa and her friends decide they must find the murderer in order to defend their reputation. the resulting manhunt includes searches of the lane house, belden's apartment, lane's business office, and all of the local beauty shops; two attempts to intimidate melsa; two shooting attempts on her life; a charity ball; and a trap set for the murderer using melsa as bait. during this time, the women twice attack ames and tie him up, melsa's friend myra frost enthusiastically flirts with peter, and their friend, pat james, eats incessantly. in the course of these events, the following facts emerge: while mike repeatedly accuses innocent people based on incorrect theories, melsa deduces that ronnie removed the body and cloak from the lane house before the police arrived. an escaping would-be killer leaves behind a piece of tar paper, which reminds melsa of the subway construction site. returning to the site, she finds a fast electric cart on the track. this is how edward made his way to and from the crime scene in ten minutes. edward is captured after confessing to the murders and briefly holding melsa and peter hostage at gunpoint. during the film, the relationship between melsa and peter evolves from sharp animosity to love and marital engagement. melsa appears to be hostile toward peter, while he almost immediately decides that he's going to marry her and begins to woo her aggressively. she stabs him in the leg with a fork in retaliation for a treacherous trick he played on her, but they have a friendly chat early in the story, and a longer, more heart-to-heart conversation later. after the police rescue them from edward, the film ends with melsa and peter planning their honeymoon.
corpus document1421
man-proof
the daughter of wealthy and famous novelist meg swift, mimi is a young woman who seems to have a perfect life. the opposite appears to be the case, as her deep love for playboy alan wythe remains unanswered. despite her mother's newspaper artist friend jimmy kilmartin warnings of alan's scandalous past revolving women, mimi is determined to one day become mrs. wythe. however, another woman beats her to the title. mimi is crushed when she finds out that alan is marrying heiress elizabeth kent, but swallows her pride to serve as the bridesmaid. at the wedding, mimi overhears snobbish women gossiping about her love life. as a result, she gets drunk and admits to alan she is in love with him. later that night, jimmy attempts to console her, as does meg. encouraged by her mother, mimi agrees to move out of the house and build up a career to forget alan. after moving in an apartment, jimmy arranges her a job as an illustrator at his newspaper. months go by and mimi has become a happy woman, although she has not forgot about alan. when she receives notice of alan and elizabeth's return from their honeymoon, she pretends she no longer has feelings for alan. encouraged by those thoughts, she even agrees to meet alan and offers him to be friends. alan is interested in the thought of befriending a woman and they decide on going out. meg and jimmy spot them attending a boxing match and are immediately worried. the next day, following a joyful night with alan, mimi admits to jimmy that she is still in love with alan. jimmy tries to prevent her from breaking up a marriage, but mimi is determined to convince alan to divorce elizabeth so they can marry. she calls elizabeth and informs her of her true feelings. later that day, alan, despite being discouraged by jimmy, meets mimi with plans of continuing their affair. he is worried, though, when he finds out he is to divorce elizabeth. they are interrupted by a visit from elizabeth, who blames her husband for being too selfish. alan agrees with his wife, and accompanies elizabeth to save their marriage, leaving mimi behind crushed. yet again, jimmy consoles mimi and they agree on ending their quarrel over their different views on morality. after arriving at meg's, they realize they have been in love with each other the entire time and they kiss.
corpus document1422
a man to remember
under the grieving eyes of most of a town, the funeral procession of doctor john abbott (edward ellis) passes a lawyer's office. the lawyer opens abbott's strongbox for the deceased man's impatient creditors, local banker george sykes (granville bates), newspaper editor jode harkness (frank m. thomas) and store owner homer ramsey (harlan briggs). flashbacks begin as they peruse dr. abbott's papers. widowed, dr. abbott arrives in westport with his son dick (lee bowman) after world war i. he borrows money in order to set up his medical practice. he delivers a healthy baby, jean (anne shirley), but the mother dies. when her father does not want her, the doctor adopts the child. later, ramsey tries to collect what he is owed from abbott, only to find that abbott has a hefty $100 bill for him for a life-saving operation. when ramsey complains about the amount, the good-natured doctor settles for a mere $2. as time goes on, dr. abbott seeks to convince the town leaders of the need for a hospital. sykes, harkness, and ramsey refuse to consider it. however, when sykes's son howard (william henry) accidentally shoots jean in the arm, the doctor informs sykes that he is required by law to report all gunshot wounds. sykes is blackmailed into building the hospital and donating it to the town to avoid the legal problems. however, dr. abbott finds that sykes has spitefully stipulated that only doctors who have had graduate studies within the last twenty years can register, and he is turned away. meanwhile, dick goes to paris to train to become a doctor. when he graduates and returns to westport, he tells his father that he is going into partnership with dr. robinson (gilbert emery) because he is more interested in making money than in helping people. this hurts the father deeply, but he never shares this with his son. when abbott fears that an outbreak of infantile paralysis (polio) among the children is imminent, he tries to get an upcoming county fair canceled. however, sykes and ramsey refuse his request. they phone jode harkness to get him to refuse to publish abbott's urgent warning. undaunted, the doctor has handbills printed and distributed by some young boys. he and jean then visit all the children in westport. this is brought to the attention of the county medical association, which votes to suspend him. dick defends his father and resigns in protest. then, abbott is proved right. an epidemic erupts everywhere...except westport. the association reverses itself and elects him its president. abbott is finally recognized for his humanitarian work by the community. his son sees the light and agrees to join abbott's small medical practice. however, after dick and jean leave, he dies peacefully in his sleep. returning to the present, harkness, sykes, and ramsey finally acknowledge the goodness of the man who had been a thorn in their sides for so long.
corpus document1423
marie antoinette
in 1771 vienna, 15-year-old marie antoinette is informed by her mother, empress marie therese of austria, that marie is to marry the future king of france, the dauphin louis xvi. the young princess is excited to meet her future husband and live as a queen, but the dauphin she married is actually a shy man, more at home with locksmithing than attending parties at the court at versailles. after they are married, marie tries desperately to please her husband, and after some trepidation, the dauphin realizes he can trust marie and tells her he cannot produce heirs. without children to occupy her time and attention, marie is bored and associates with the power-hungry duc d'orleans, even though the dauphin does not like him. on their second wedding anniversary, marie is insulted by madame du barry, the mistress of king louis xv, who gives marie a gift of an empty cradle with a poem critical of marie's inability to produce an heir to the throne. marie is enraged, but the dauphin is too weak to have his grandfather, king louis xv, punish madame du barry. later, at a costume party, she meets the swedish count axel fersen and introduces him as a member of the russian nobility as a party game. she then wagers and loses a necklace worth 200,000 livres, which causes her mother's ambassador, count mercy to scold her for her wanton behavior and disregard for the people. marie is irritated by the scolding, but pays the ambassador little mind. on their fourth wedding anniversary, a ball is held to conciliate madame du barry and marie, but a confrontation between the two women ensues when du barry pointedly draws attention to the dauphin's absence from his wife's ball, implying that the couple's estrangement means there will never be an heir to the throne. when marie responds with a cutting reference to du barry's past as a streetwalker, the infuriated countess storms out with the king at her side. louis xv then decides that the childless marriage between his grandson and marie is to be annulled. this decision finally drives the dauphin to defend his wife; he pushes his grandfather into a chair and threatens to put du barry in the bastille. when marie is told she is to be sent back to austria, she is immediately abandoned by d'orleans, who was only her friend because of her role as future queen of france. marie flees to the home of her mother's ambassador, count mercy. there she finds fersen, who tells her he loves her and has loved her for years—learning all he could about her from museums. marie realizes that she has fallen in love with fersen, but as she goes to tell the dauphin of this fact, she learns that king louis xv is dying of smallpox. the dauphin tells marie that he cannot let her leave; he is fond of her even if he does not love her. marie consents; louis xv dies, and they become king and queen of france. marie tells fersen that they can meet at another palace to be together, but he refuses to risk ruining her reputation, and tells her to fulfill her duty as queen. later, she gives birth in front of an audience to a daughter, marie-therese, and after that a new dauphin is born at last. some years later, when the dauphin has grown into a young boy, peasants throw stones at marie's carriage while she has taken her children for a drive. she is shocked at the intense dislike displayed by the people of france. she blames d'orleans for inciting them. marie later rejects a jeweler's expensive and elaborate necklace, but she is framed by court insiders plotting to acquire the necklace for themselves, and the affair of the diamond necklace erupts. marie is outraged, but d'orleans tells the royal couple to abdicate the throne in favor of the dauphin under the regency of d'orleans. the french revolution comes, and the royal family is taken prisoner. fersen returns with a plan of escape, but when the dauphin tells a guard that his father is a locksmith, the king is recognized and arrested after a former priest at versailles identifies him. the king is put on trial and sentenced to death, and spends his last night with his family, his children not realizing this is the last night they will spend with their father. marie is heartbroken, but is then separated from her children, put on trial and condemned to death. the dauphin, too young to understand what is going on around him, is forced to testify against his mother. the night before she is executed, fersen goes to the prison and they pledge their love to each other, with marie telling him that she will never say goodbye. the next morning she goes bravely to her execution, which fersen witnesses from a distance.
corpus document1424
men are such fools
a career girl's husband gets jealous when her sexist boss is too flirtatious, so she gives up her job. but soon, she finds that her career is too hard to leave behind.
corpus document1425
men with wings
in 1903, the wright brothers set the scene for aviation's advances and influence barnstormer, pat falconer (fred macmurray) and his friend, engineer scott barnes (ray milland). falconer marries childhood sweetheart peggy ransom (louise campbell) although barnes also loves her, but is unwilling to jeopardize his relationship with his friend. during world war i, falconer becomes a fighter pilot and after the war continues to fly by "the seat-of-his-pants" rather than do the methodical work of flight research like barnes. as the 1930s come to a close, restless falconer leaves his family and friend behind, taking off for china to fight japanese invaders.
corpus document1426
merrily we live
grosvenor (alan mowbray), the kilbournes' butler, discovers at breakfast that the family silver has been stolen by the latest tramp, ambrose, whom emily kilbourne (billie burke) had taken under her wing as the chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family. a distressed emily swears off taking in any more tramps, to the delight of the rest of the family. however, later in the morning, wade rawlins (brian aherne) appears at the doorstep. his car had broken down; when he got out, it rolled off a cliff. he wants to use the telephone, but is instead immediately adopted by emily kilbourne, despite the rude efforts of grosvenor and emily's daughters geraldine "jerry" (constance bennett) and marion (bonita granville). further attempts to convince mrs. kilbourne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully ignored. rawlins, appointed as the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant's quarters. he is overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by grosvenor and suspected to be crazy. jerry and marion see the spruced up tramp looking the perfect gentleman and jerry likes it when he later brushes off jerry's arrogant wannabee boyfriend, herbert wheeler (phillip reed). they now have second thoughts when their father, henry kilbourne (clarence kolb), who has returned from work tells emily that he is putting his foot down and orders that they get rid of the new tramp the next day. a comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at jerry, follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues, resulting in jerry falling in love with wade. marion also expresses a crush on wade. the next day, emily kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of wade, trains him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening for senator harlan (paul everton). that evening, through a contrived prank by marion, rawlins is accidentally invited to the important dinner party for senator harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter minerva (ann dvorak). the next morning, the family finds rawlins occupying the guest room. it is impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a confidant of senator harlan and his daughter's target of affection. jerry is consumed with jealousy, as she sees minerva flirting with rawlins at golf later that morning. after a fudge-making spat with jerry, rawlins takes the rest of the day off on an errand. the car he wrecked turns out to be a loan. he goes to pay for it, but the car has been found and the police inform the car's owner that rawlins is assumed to be dead. the man leaves to identify his car. thus, when rawlins arrives, the owner's assistant george (willie best) thinks he is a ghost. the kilbournes believe rawlins has left for good, much to jerry's dismay after waiting up to reconcile with him. the next morning at breakfast, the newspaper reports the death of e. wade rawlins, the "noted novelist", from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the family, the cook and the maid. when rawlins reappears, very much alive, jerry is immensely relieved.
corpus document1427
midnight intruder
after losing all his money gambling on horses, former newspaper reporter barry gilbert and "doc" norton break into a vacant mansion belonging to the reitters for shelter from the rain. just as the pair are settling in, willetts and three other servants arrive. willetts, the butler, does not know what the long-absent, but expected john clark reitter jr. looks like, so he assumes that barry is him. barry decides to impersonate young reitter, the black sheep son of a wealthy new york newspaper publisher, for a while when he learns the family will be away for weeks. a neighbor, patricia hammond, develops an interest in barry, while a showgirl, peggy, wife of the real john reitter jr. (under the name jay rogers), shows up and tells him her husband is being framed for the murder of a political bigshot. barry agrees to try to clear him in exchange for peggy not revealing his masquerade. barry reluctantly accepts a job on reitter sr.'s paper under an assumed name, and though editor bill harwood warns him not to play detective (a common tendency of new reporters), he does anyway. he gets into trouble with patricia when he learns that her father, judge hammond, was with the victim the day he was killed. he jumps to the conclusion that the judge is the killer, but the real murderer - nightclub owner luis romano - is eventually caught (in spite of barry's efforts), and john is released. when patricia and her father are introduced to john by his father, who has returned early, they wonder who barry really is. meanwhile, barry does his best to hide what has gone on and to present john in the best light to his family. john's mother learns the truth from john and peggy, but is pleased to conceal the story from her husband, who is very proud of his reformed son. harwood lets barry keep his job and sends him to get the scoop on a rich widow's new husband, who turns out to be doc norton. patricia catches up with him and demands to know what is going on. when barry tells her it would take a lifetime to explain, she replies, "darling, that's just what i mean."
corpus document1428
mother carey's chickens
mr. carey (ralph morgan), a captain in the united states navy, dies during the spanish–american war. his wife margaret, daughters nancy and kitty and sons gilbert and peter are left behind. they are now on their own with only capt. carey's pension for income. the family moves into a series of ever-smaller rented houses while mrs. carey works in a textile mill. when she is injured, they lease a broken down mansion for a year at a nominal fee, and invest the captain's small life insurance payment to fix it up into a boarding house. both daughters fall in love, kitty with a local teacher and nancy with tom hamilton (frank albertson), the son of the absentee owner. when the hamiltons put the house up for sale, the family is given an eviction order by tom hamilton, a doctor who wants the money from the sale to study in europe. however, fate intervenes and tom is called to save peter from a serious illness, then falls in love with nancy. the new owners, the fullers, move in to force the family to vacate. the careys and their beaus then try to scare off the fullers by telling them the house is haunted, and making assorted spooky noises at night, hoping they will leave.[2]
corpus document1429
mr. moto's gamble
in san francisco, policeman lieutenant riggs (harold huber) takes mr. moto, a detective and lee chan (keye luke), a student, to a prizefight between bill steele (dick baldwin) and frank stanton (russ clark), where the winner will take on the champion, biff moran (ward bond). however, the fight is fixed and gangster nick crowder (douglas fowley) bets big money that stanton won't make it to the fifth round. he goes down in the fourth and dies shortly afterward. bookie clipper mccoy (bernard nedell) loses a fortune. moto proves that it was murder and it is revealed that $100,000 was won in bets around the country against stanton. moto works with lt. riggs to solve the murder as the championship fight looms. comedy is provided by wellington (maxie rosenbloom), a kleptomaniac, and lee chan. moto promised to reveal the murderer's identity on the night of the big fight, but the murderer has plans, too, with a concealed gun, to kill moto.
corpus document1430
mr. wong, detective
simon dayton is in fear for his life and seeks the help of mr. wong to protect him. just prior to meeting mr. wong, dayton is found dead in his office without a mark on him with several witnesses testifying dayton was alone in his office that was locked from the inside. though the police view dayton's death as due to a heart attack, mr. wong discovers a broken glass ball that contained poison gas. among the suspects are agents of a foreign power wishing to stop dayton's chemicals being sent to use on the foreign power in the form of the same poison gas that killed dayton, dayton's business partners who will have dayton's share of the business come to them after dayton's death and the actual inventor of the chemical who has been cheated out of profits and recognition by dayton.
corpus document1431
my bill
mary colbrook is a widowed mother with four children. she struggles to provide for them financially.
corpus document1432
my lucky star
george cabot jr. (cesar romero), the son of a department store owner, enrolls the store's sports clerk krista nielsen (sonja henie) at a university to use her as an advertisement for their fashion department. george is trying to pay off cabaret singer marcelle la verne, who wants to annul their brief elopement. marcelle threatens to name krista as a co-respondent in her lawsuit. krista has fallen for larry taylor at the college, where a skating exhibition lands her on the cover of life magazine.
corpus document1433
the mysterious rider
in the arizona desert in the late 1800s, famed outlaw pecos bill (douglass dumbrille) and his sidekick frosty kilburn (sidney toler) hold up a stagecoach. during the raid, bill takes money from a wealthy passenger and gives it to a poor woman passenger, then rides away. having lived an outlaw life for the past twenty years, and still wanted for a murder he did not commit, pecos bill, whose real name is ben wade, decides to return to his home town disguised as a regular cowboy to see his now grown daughter. meanwhile, jack bellounds (weldon heyburn), the son of the corrupt rancher william bellounds (stanley andrews) who stole ben's white slider ranch, returns from prison and is given a ride back to the ranch by ben's beautiful daughter collie wade (charlotte field), who was raised by his father. when collie refuses his offer of marriage, the arrogant jack races their horse-drawn carriage wildly through the desert. seeing the runaway carriage, the gallant ranch forman wils moore (russell hayden) chases them down and stops the horses. as wils rides off, jack notices that collie is attracted to wils. when ben and frosty arrive at white slider ranch, they get hired on as saddle makers, with ben going by the name of red johnson. no one recognizes him—not even his daughter who hasn't seen him since her childhood. after settling in, ben learns that 200 head of cattle have been stolen, and that bellounds seems uninterested in finding the thieves. with the help of frosty and wils—one of the few honest men at the ranch—ben intends to put a stop to the cattle rustling and restore the ranch to his daughter, the rightful owner. meanwhile, jack meets with cap folsom (monte blue), the leader of the cattle rustlers and jack's former boss. cap is also the man who murdered ben's partner and framed him for the crime. jack complains about the timing of the recent raid, but folsom dismisses him, saying he can never turn his back on his outlaw past. at the ranch, ben is tasked with working with the dogs on the ranch, and soon he uses his position to guard the cattle. one afternoon, ben meets his daughter on the range and they talk about her future. concerned that she may end up with a lout like jack, he tells her that she will need to decide between jack and wils. soon after, ben is alerted by his barking dogs to rustlers in the area, and dressed in black as pecos bill, he rides after them. the rustlers recognize the approaching outlaw and take cover. during the ensuing gunfight, wils arrives with his trustworthy men, sees pecos bill, and chases after him instead of the rustlers. back at the ranch, wils attempts to capture ben, but is thwarted by a well-placed knife throw by frosty. knowing that wils is on the right side of the law, ben reveals his true identity and the truth behind how he lost his ranch—that he left his foreman william bellounds to look after things, but he stole the ranch for himself, and now is rustling his own cattle for profit. convinced he is on the level, wils pledges to help ben. when the other ranchers get together to search for the rustlers, ben dresses up in black like pecos bill, draws their attention, and leads them to the rustlers' hideout. the plan backfires when the ranchers discover that wils helped pecos bill to escape. just as the mob prepares to lynch wils, pecos bill rides in to the rescue. when bellounds figures out that pecos bill is in fact ben wade, his former boss, he reveals his discovery to the leader of the rustlers, cap folsom. soon, bellounds is gunned down in cold blood. jack goes after cap to avenge his father's death, and is himself soon killed. ben, wils, and frosty go after cap and they meet in a fierce gunfight. during the battle, ben tracks down cap in the rustlers hideout, gives him a chance to draw, and then shoots him dead. sometime later, ben and frosty say their goodbyes to collie and wils and ride away into the arizona desert.
corpus document1434
next time i marry
in this screwy romantic comedy, a young woman (lucille ball) stands to inherit $20 million provided she marries an american citizen. unfortunately, she is in love with a handsome foreigner. to get the money, she marries the first yankee she runs across—with every intention of obtaining a quickie divorce in reno as soon as the money comes through. the bickersome newlyweds take a trailer and set off across the country to reno, but through a series of zany mishaps and adventures they realize that they are slowly falling in love.
corpus document1435
of human hearts
young jason wilkins (gene reynolds) has a stern but loving preacher father, rev. ethan wilkins (walter huston), and a doting mother, mary wilkins (beulah bondi). jason is highly intelligent and outgoing, but also proud and stubborn. his father must often beat him with a leather strap for his impertinence, pride, and rudeness. as a young man (james stewart), jason falls in love with beautiful annie (ann rutherford). when jason's father takes him circuit riding, jason rebels at the bad food and awful living conditions, and has a fistfight with his father. this ruptures their relationship. jason goes to medical school, and becomes a doctor. he is increasingly neglectful of his parents, and when his father dies he arrives too late to speak with him one last time. despite his mother's poverty, jason repeatedly asks her for money, forcing her to sell her silver spoons, and eventually her wedding band, for food. the american civil war breaks out, and she must sell jason's beloved horse pilgrim to pay for his fancy $70.00 officer's uniform. when jason fails to write to her for 2 years, mrs. wilkins assumes that he is dead and writes a letter to president abraham lincoln (john carradine) asking for information in locating his grave. lincoln issues an order requiring the young captain to appear before him without delay. jason arrogantly assumes that he is about to be commended for his actions as a battlefield surgeon. instead, with the two of them alone in his office, the president accuses him of possessing the worst human quality of all, ingratitude.
corpus document1436
the old barn dance
a horse trader named gene autry (gene autry) arrives in grainville with his horses and outfit prepared to put on a barn dance to attract potential horse buyers to an auction. the horse trading business has been affected lately by the increased use of tractors to replace horses for farm work. radio station owner sally dawson (joan valerie) approaches gene and offers him a contract to sing on a program sponsored by thornton farming equipment, the area's leading manufacturer of tractors. unconvinced that tractors could ever replace horses, gene refuses her offer, but is still attracted to her and invites her to his barn dance that night. unknown to gene, sally is facing bankruptcy and needs to find a way to save the radio station. knowing that mr. thornton (ivan miller), the tractor company owner, would sign a contract with her station if gene would promote his product, sally and her kid brother johnny secretly broadcast gene's show under the sponsorship of thornton farming equipment. after hearing the broadcast and the audience reaction, thornton agrees to give sally an advance for gene's upcoming shows, thereby saving the radion station. later she tells gene that if he signs a general contract with her, he would make enough money to offset his poor horse sales. in the coming weeks, sally broadcasts gene's barn dances via remote control hook-ups, presenting them as promotions for the tractor company. the farmers of the area, believing that gene is endorsing the use of tractors, begin to purchase them using loans from a finance company. as harvest time approaches, however, many of the farmers are unable to make their payments on time, and the finance company, conspiring with thornton, threatens to repossess the tractors unless the farmers sign over a percentage of their harvest profits. the farmers are given less than a week to decide. believing that gene is involved in the finance company's scheme, the farmers confront him at a barn dance and a major fight breaks out. afterwards, when gene learns the truth from sally about how he has been used to promote tractor sales, he promises the farmers that he will provide horses to all of them to get them through the harvest. meanwhile, thornton demands that sally return his advance payment since gene will no longer be performing on the radio show. fearing for her father's health and with no other option available, sally agrees to broadcast recordings of gene's barn dances to continue promoting the tractor company. when thornton learns that gene and his men are rounding up horses for the farmers, he orders his henchmen to stampede the herd. during the stampede, a cowboy is seriously injured. later, when the farmers hear gene's voice on sally's radio station, they suspect he has betrayed them, but when gene arrives, they all realize they are listening to a recording. angered by the deception, gene heads over to the radio station with his sidekick frog millhouse (smiley burnette) and destroy the records, leaving the station in ruins. later, sally's kid brother johnny is able to restore a record he made of thornton discussing the stampede. at the county fair, gene arrives with his horses, but the sheriff seizes them based on thornton's claim for damages to the radio station. while frog uses a tractor to destroy thornton's platform, sally and johnny broadcast the incriminating record of thornton discussing the stampede over the public address system. when thornton and his men arrive at the station, sally and johnny drive off, with thornton in hot pursuit. gene chases after the cars on horseback, shoots one of the henchmen, and captures thornton. afterwards, gene and sally head back to town together on horseback.
corpus document1437
the painted stallion
a wagon train travelling from independence, missouri to santa fe means trouble for alfredo dupray, his authority from spain will end with the arrival of a mexican governor. he plots to solve this by intercepting a trade agreement, to be negotiated by clark stuart on the wagon train, and disrupt mexico–united states relations. repeated attacks are thwarted, however, by the appearance of a mysterious rider on a painted stallion who issues warnings with her whistling arrows. with her help clark stuart, along with historical characters, kit carson, jim bowie and davy crockett work to defeat dupray. eventually, they assist the arrival of the united states cavalry and the treaty is signed, leaving stuart and the rider to ride away together.
corpus document1438
partners of the plains
lorna drake (gwen gaze), is an aristocratic british girl and hoppy's (william boyd) new employer. when cassidy refuses to be ordered, lorna has him arrested for horse stealing. the dumbfounded sheriff (earle hodgins) is even more puzzled when miss drake turns right around and demands that hoppy be released into her custody.[3]
corpus document1439
the patient in room 18
private investigator lance o'leary (patric knowles) suffers a nervous breakdown from being unable to solve a case and his doctor has him hospitalized for rest. it just happens to be the same place where his lady friend, sara keate (ann sheridan), is the head nurse. the first night there a murder takes place as wealthy mr. warren is killed in his room and $100,000 worth of medicinal radium on his chest is stolen. also, head doctor dr. lethany is murdered as well. everyone on the staff seems to have a motive and o'leary must work with combative inspector foley (cliff clark) to solve the crime.
corpus document1440
penitentiary
william jordan (howard) is befriended by the man who sent him to prison on a manslaughter charge, former da (district attorney) now prison warden matthews (connolly). in order to give jordan the opportunity to rehabilitate himself matthews allows him to work as chauffeur to his daughter elizabeth (parker), though he's a bit uncomfortable when elizabeth falls in love with the young convict. all of this extra effort goes out the window when jordan, adhering to the "criminal code" of never snitching on a fellow con, allows himself to be implicated in the murder of another convict. jordan is saved from the death penalty by a last-minute confession of his hard-bitten but honorable cellmate.
corpus document1441
port of seven seas
in the french port of marseille, a lovely young woman named madelon (maureen o'sullivan) is in love with a young sailor, marius (john beal). madelon in turn is loved by honore panisse (frank morgan), a well-to-do middle-aged sailmaker. when marius finds out he must go to sea for three years, he leaves without saying goodbye to madelon; in a note he tells her that it would break his heart to tell her in person. she rushes to the dock, but sees his ship sailing away and faints. marius's father cesar, (wallace beery) who already thinks of madelon as one of the family, carries her to her home. later, madelon finds out that she is pregnant, and to spare her the shame of a child born out of wedlock, panisse asks madelon to get an abortion. she agrees, and goes to find a rusty clotheshanger. she proceeds with her attempt to kill her fetus. she did not succeed, and was rushed to the hospital bleeding. a year later marius unexpectedly returns from sea to buy some equipment for his ship. visiting madelon that night, he sees the baby and realizes that he is the father. he asks her to steal away with him, but she refuses. despite her love for marius, she knows that panisse, who adores the child, will be a better father than marius, who will be away at sea for many years at a time. marius leaves, shaking panisse's hand before he goes, and panisse and madelon happily look at their baby's first tooth.[1][2]
corpus document1442
prison break
joaquin shannon (barton maclane) a fisherman takes the blame for a crime to protect his brother-in-law joe fenderson (edward pawley) who died from injuries from a mugging. he is sentenced to 10 years in prison for the crime. joaquin asks joe's sister and his girlfriend jean fenderson (glenda farrell) to wait for him, expecting to be paroled in one year for good behavior. however, in prison, he battles with red kincaid (ward bond). joaquin's repeat altercation with red causes him to fail his parole examination and his prison sentences are lengthened. later, when joaquin helps to stop a prison break which was led by red, he is immediately released from prison. joaquin reunites with jean. however, because of his criminal record and prison sentence, he is shunned and dismissed by employers. in a bar, he meets soapy (paul hurst) a fellow ex-convict. soapy convinces joaquin to smuggle someone out of the country, who is actually red and has escaped from prison. when red and soapy show up at the boat, they force joaquin to navigate the boat. a dying soapy who was shot by the police, tells joaquin that red killed jean's brother. after finding out the truth, joaquin fights red to the death.
corpus document1443
professor beware
three thousand years after ancient egyptian neferus's death, professor dean lambert (who looks like neferus) is translating his history tablet by tablet. dean is convinced that falling in love will ruin him as it did neferus, whose love to the pharaoh's daughter led to his downfall. he meets aspiring actress and heiress jane van buren and exchanges clothes with her drunk audition partner, snoop donlan. dean is arrested for stinking of liquor. his arrest makes the papers and he is asked to resign from the museum staff. dean has ten days to join an expedition leaving for egypt from new york and becomes a stowaway in the trailer of a pair of newlyweds bound for niagara falls. snoop then accuses dean of stealing his watch and clothes. jane, meanwhile, follows the trailer in order to return dean's clothes and the museum's car. the newlyweds kick dean out, while the police trail him on suspicion of robbery and jumping bail. jane then finds dean and urges him to clear himself, but he convinces her to keep going to new york. while fleeing the police, jane and dean camp in the desert, and he falls in love and kisses her. the kiss causes a storm to break, just like the story of neferus and anebi. dean is struck by lightning and begins speaking in a strange language. the next day, he leaves jane a note saying that "death lies ahead" if they continue their romance. after many adventures, sheriff sweat of springville, pennsylvania, finally apprehends dean, but jane picks him up in the museum car, which is discovered by the police. a chase ensues. while hiding in the woods, the couple discusses the eighth tablet of neferus, which says "marriage." after hopping a refrigerator car, the couple is brought before a kindly judge, who dismisses the charges brought against them so that they can marry. the papers print that jane is to marry a hobo. dean wants to avoid making his bad luck worse, but he marries jane in new york. he then must face her father, who accuses him of being a fortune hunter. dr. ellison, head of the expedition, gives dean a fake missing fragment of the ninth and last tablet for a wedding present, which jane has inscribed with the story of neferus saving anebi from her father, who has abducted her. dean boards what he believes is the van burens' yacht and fights for his bride, destroying the yacht, to the delight of van buren, who now accepts him. jane then realizes dean fought for her knowing the tablet was fake. the couple is united and, years later, as an old man, dean finally finds the real ninth tablet, which assures him he is not going to die tomorrow.
corpus document1444
the rage of paris
in new york city, frenchwoman nicole de cortillon seeks modeling work and manages to steal a name and address from a modeling agency by lying about her qualifications, but it is the wrong information. she starts undressing in the advertising office of a very puzzled jim trevor. when she finally realizes he is not a photographer, she storms out. nicole is locked out of her room by her landlady for being behind on her rent, but her friend gloria helps her out by paying the arrears. gloria suggests she try to snare a rich husband. gloria is good friends with mike, the head waiter at the ritzy savoy grand hotel, so she tries to get him to hire gloria. mike has no openings, but mentions that he has saved $3000 to open a restaurant. he needs another $2000, so gloria convinces him to finance a scheme to have gloria attract the attention of bill duncan, a regular hotel guest who "owns half of canada". nicole and gloria settle into a suite across the hall from bill's. the plan hits a snag when bill's good friend jim trevor recognizes her. jim demands she tell bill the truth. she agrees, but reneges. when jim tells bill, bill does not believe him, as they have both lied before to steal each other's girlfriends. jim blackmails nicole into dining with him and gets her to confess that she needs $3000 in front of his butler rigley. he departs to inform bill, but she escapes rigley's custody and gets to bill first. when bill introduces nicole to his family, jim brings rigley to the reception, but bill remains unconvinced and punches jim in the jaw. ashamed, nicole follows after jim and offers to confess all, but he does not believe her. she gets into jim's car to see if he has been injured. he then drives off with her, taking her to his isolated country retreat, where his caretaker mistakes her for his new wife. that night, nicole confesses to jim that she has fallen in love with him, but he only asks her when she found out he is richer than bill. she slips out and hitches a ride back to new york. bill finally discovers the truth and becomes worried about a breach of promise lawsuit. mike promises to get nicole to leave the country ... in exchange for his money back ($5000). nicole boards a ship bound for france. there she finds jim, who is arranging for the captain to marry them.
corpus document1445
rebecca of sunnybrook farm
rebecca winstead (shirley temple), a musically talented orphan, is under the guardianship of her stepfather harry kipper (william demarest). she auditions for the radio role of little miss america and wins it, but leaves the studio believing she lost it. kipper regards her as a loser and a burden, and dumps her on the farm of her aunt miranda. tony kent, the radio advertising executive who approved rebecca for the role of little miss america, lives next door to miranda. he recognizes rebecca, and asks miranda's permission to feature rebecca on his radio show. when aunt miranda (helen westley) refuses to allow rebecca to associate with show people, kent broadcasts secretly from his house with rebecca joining him on the sly. kipper hears rebecca's broadcast and returns to the farm looking for easy money. as rebecca's legal guardian, he forces aunt miranda to surrender the child. he takes her away from her friends and loved ones to new york city. there, he signs a contract with kent's competitor purvis (alan dinehart) to star rebecca on another radio show. when rebecca suddenly develops laryngitis and cannot sing, purvis angrily voids the contract. kipper sells his legal guardianship to aunt miranda for $5,000. rebecca reveals to her friends she feigned hoarseness to free herself from kipper. the film ends with rebecca and aunt miranda's farm hand aloysius costumed as toy soldiers performing a dance on a flight on stairs. subplots include a romance between kent and rebecca's cousin gwen, another between radio singers orville and lola, and the rekindling of an old romance between aunt miranda and neighbor homer busby.
corpus document1446
red river range
the cattlemen's association has called in the mesquiteers to find cattle rustlers. they get tex riley to pose as stony so stony can arrive posing as a wanted outlaw. this gets stony into the gang of rustlers and he alerts tucson and lullaby as to the next raid. but hartley is on hand and unknown to anyone is the rustler's boss and he joins the posse with a plan that will do away with the mesquiteers.
corpus document1447
rich man, poor girl
the wealthy young businessman bill harrison (robert young) moves in with secretary girlfriend joan thayer's (ruth hussey) eccentric family to convince her they can make their marriage work.
corpus document1448
room service
gordon miller (groucho marx), a flat-broke theatrical producer, whose staff includes harry binelli (chico) and faker englund (harpo), is told by brother-in-law joseph gribble (cliff dunstan), manager of the white way hotel, that he and his cast of twenty-two actors, who have run up an enormous bill of $1,200, have to leave the hotel immediately or face the wrath of supervising director gregory wagner (donald macbride). miller has assembled the cast and crew of his play, hail and farewell, in the hotel ballroom. miller is planning on skipping out on the hotel without paying the bill when he receives word that one of his actresses, christine marlowe (lucille ball), has arranged for a backer. miller must keep his room and hide the cast and crew until the meeting with the backer can take place. at the same time, wagner discovers the debt. assured by gribble that miller had skipped, wagner is surprised to find miller still in his room, now joined by the play's author, leo davis (frank albertson), who has arrived in town and checked into miller's room. when wagner threatens to evict miller before the backer can arrive, miller and binelli convince davis to pretend to be sick. to obtain food, miller promises waiter sasha smirnoff (alexander asro) a part in the play. when davis leaves to meet with girlfriend hilda manney (ann miller), englund takes over as the sick patient examined by a doctor brought in by mr. wagner. wagner leaves to confront the crowd in the ballroom, while the doctor examines the patient. to delay the doctor giving his report to wagner, binelli and miller tie him up, gag him, and lock him in the bathroom. the agent for mr. fisk arrives to sign over the cheque, the doctor breaks free in the bathroom, and the agent is hit on the head accidentally as englund chases a flying turkey around with a baseball bat. the agent just wants to escape the madness, but reluctantly signs over the cheque, and leaves. davis returns and says he heard the agent saying he'll cancel the cheque, and just signed it to get out of the room. wagner is fooled into believing all is okay, and upgrades the boys to a fancier room. later, as the play is about to open, the cheque from fisk bounces, miller, binelli, and englund manipulate wagner into believing he's driven the play's author to take poison. they pretend to give davis large quantities of ipecac (which is actually drunk by englund), and he eventually pretends to die. wagner is bluffed into believing it's all his fault and helps take the "body" down to the alley. as miller and wagner prop englund on a crate, a passing policeman asks what's going on. miller bluffs their way out of the situation, so he and wagner make an escape, leaving englund "asleep". they go to watch the end of the play, which is a scene where the miners are bringing a body from out of the mine. the body on the stretcher is englund's. wagner realizes he's been duped as the play is greeted with thunderous applause and a revived davis appears next to wagner at the back of the theatre.
corpus document1449
the saint in new york
police lieutenant martin, an officer leading the fight against new york gangsters, is killed. jake irbell is arrested and charged with his murder, but has to be released when prosecution witnesses are either coerced into changing their testimony or simply disappear. a civilian crime commission demands action of the police commissioner, but he has no fresh ideas. william valcross (frederick burton), a respected leading citizen and member of the commission, suggests they resort to drastic measures and recruit simon templar (louis hayward), the "saint", a british amateur detective with a reputation for dealing with criminals outside the law. the commissioner reluctantly agrees to give the saint free rein to do what he must. valcross spends months tracking the saint down, following a trail of dead (criminal) bodies across europe and south america. templar is intrigued by the challenge and is given a list of six gangsters whose removal would hopefully bring peace to the city. disguised as a nun, the saint kills irbell just as he is about to shoot his most determined enemy, inspector henry fernack (jonathan hale). (this differs from the original novel in which the saint shoots an accused cop-killer in cold blood after the man walks free from court). as he works his way through the list, templar learns that the mysterious "big fellow" is the mastermind who hides his identity by communicating with his underlings solely through fay edwards (kay sutton). templar meets fay, and they are attracted to each other. she saves his life twice when his recklessness gets him in trouble. the saint disposes of the last of the six original targets, hutch rellin (sig ruman), leaving only their leader. fay has given her word not to divulge the big fellow's name, but agrees to point him out when she meets him the next morning at the bank where the profits of three years worth of crime have been kept. when valcross happens by, templar tells him why he is waiting there. valcross starts to leave, but when fay shows up, she recognizes him. he fatally shoots her before templar guns down the big fellow. valcross wanted templar to kill his men so he would not have to share the loot.
corpus document1450
service de luxe
helen murphy, alias dorothy madison number 1 (constance bennett), runs a very successful agency, "dorothy madison services," for wealthy people who need someone to run their lives. a huge staff is up 24 hours a day to attend to all sorts of problems. her alter ego, pearl, alias dorothy madison 2 (helen broderick), is there to assist murphy, who dreams of finding a man who is able to run his own life. robert wade (vincent price), a young inventor from albany, new york, leaves behind him five old aunts who tried to run his life. he comes to town to develop his tractor model. murphy and wade meet on the boat. murphy is orders from wade's uncle (lionel belmore), who is client of madison services, but she picks the wrong man to send back home, while she meets wade and is instantly fascinated by him, although he thinks she's not a career girl and thinks she is rather helpless. when she discovers that the man she met on the boat was wade, she has some problems how to manage this relationship. her client mr. robinson (charles ruggles) is willing to finance wade's tractor model and arranges a laboratory for him. unfortunately, his daughter audrey (joy hodges) wants to marry wade. while her father has adapted a kitchen in his library to be taught how to cook by bibenko (mischa auer), audrey tries to be in the basement laboratory with wade. when it comes out that bibenko is a russian prince, audrey finds he's the better husband-to-be. wade marries murphy, who leaves behind her career-girl life to become a wife.
corpus document1451
the shining hour
olivia riley (joan crawford), a new york city nightclub dancer, tires of the fast life and consents to marry henry linden (melvyn douglas), a wealthy farmer from wisconsin. even before they engage to be married, however, henry's brother david (robert young) is sent to new york by their domineering sister hannah (fay bainter) to dissuade him from marrying olivia. in private, olivia slaps david when her integrity is questioned, but she marries henry because she says he's the only person in her life who is endlessly positive. when olivia moves to her new husband's farm in wisconsin, she encounters trouble from her sister-in-law hannah, who does not approve of her. olivia finds an ally in david's wife, judy (margaret sullavan), who is in a loveless marriage. olivia comes to realize that she and judy are in the same situation. olivia's situation is further complicated when david defends her from the unwanted advances of a farm hand and he begins to fall in love with her. henry is unaware of this, but when hannah finds out what is going on, she sets fire to the home in a drunken rage. olivia saves a badly burned judy, and david realizes he has loved judy after all. olivia then decides to leave the farm; and, as she drives away, henry joins her and they leave together.
corpus document1452
the shopworn angel
after the united states enters world war i in 1917, the limousine carrying daisy heath (margaret sullavan), a sophisticated broadway musical theatre star, knocks down bill pettigrew (james stewart), a naive young soldier from texas. a policeman orders the chauffeur to take bill back to camp. during the ride, he becomes slightly acquainted with the cynical, but not cold-hearted daisy. upon their arrival at the army camp, bill lets his buddies assume that daisy is the date he had lied about. in fact, he has no one. when they find out the truth, they decide to get even. on their next leave, they take bill to daisy's show, so he can introduce them. however, daisy pretends that she is bill's girl. as they spend more time together, she begins to warm to him, much to the increasing jealousy of her wealthy real boyfriend, sam bailey (walter pidgeon), who is financing daisy's show. when sam takes daisy out for an afternoon at his connecticut estate for the first time, she tells him that bill has shown her what true love looks like and made her realize she actually does love sam. she also believes that the rivalry has also given new depth to sam's love for her. that same day, bill learns that his unit is finally going to ship out for the fighting in europe. when he cannot get a leave, he goes awol so he can propose marriage. daisy opts to accept so that he can sail for france with something to look forward to. sam objects to the odd arrangement privately to daisy, but kindly refrains from telling bill the truth. the two marry; then bill has to leave immediately. he sends her cheerful letters every day. then, a letter comes from the war department. as daisy is in the middle of a performance, her maid martha takes it to sam, sitting in the audience. when sam opens the letter, bill's id tag falls out. daisy sees it, tears fill her eyes as she realizes that bill has been killed, but she bravely finishes singing "pack up your troubles in your old kit-bag and smile, smile, smile".
corpus document1453
sing you sinners
the three beebe brothers are talented singers looking to make their way in the world. joe beebe (bing crosby) is a chronic gambler and a source of great consternation for his loving mother (elizabeth patterson), who only wishes he would follow the example of his responsible brother david (fred macmurray), who postpones his marriage to martha randall (ellen drew) regularly because joe cannot support the family. mike beebe (donald o'connor), the youngest of the three brothers, idolizes his gambler brother and wants to grow up to be just like him. while joe is always looking for an angle, convinced his only road to success is through gambling, david prefers working in his garage and dreams of the day he can afford to marry martha. after losing his new job at the local gas station for trading gas for rummage articles, joe travels to los angeles and soon wins money at the racetrack. using the money to purchase a swap shop, joe then trades the store for a racehorse named uncle gus. after joe sends back home glowing reports of his success, mother beebe and mike travel out to california and stay with him. later, david and martha also travel to los angeles and are shocked to see the rest of their family living on the brink of poverty because of joe's laziness. forced once again to postpone his wedding, david sends martha back home. with no money coming in, mother beebe forces her sons to use their musical training and go to work as a singing trio at a nightclub. meanwhile, young mike has been chosen to ride in a big race as uncle gus' jockey. one of their competitors, harry ringmer (john gallaudet), bribes the thirteen-year-old into losing the race. later, when mike reveals the arrangement to joe, the older brother reassures him and advises him to race to win. after mike and uncle gus win the race, ringmer and one of his thugs confront mike and joe and beat them up. david and mother beebe come to their rescue, and the fight continues until ringmer and his thug give up. with enough money to pay their debts, david tries to quit the singing group, but his mother insists that they all keep their steady singing jobs, and her sons agree. david sends martha a telegram asking her to come back to "marry the four of them", and the three beebe brothers continue their singing career.
corpus document1454
sinners in paradise
a passenger aircraft crashes in mid-pacific and some of the survivors reach an island inhabited only by an american, jim taylor, with his chinese servant, ping. he declines to help them, telling them to build their own shelter and gather their own food and, though he has a boat and fuel, refusing to take them off. the reason why he wants to remain undisturbed, we learn, is that he is wanted for murder. in time his attitude to the intruders softens as they, despite endless bickering, manage to form a working community and he finds himself increasingly drawn to an attractive young nurse, anne wesson, who is running away from her husband. when the boat is prepared for a trip to civilization, two crooked businessmen from the party steal it with ping on board. in a fight, he kills them both and, fatally wounded, brings the boat back. the rest can then escape.
corpus document1455
the sisters
at a ball held on the night of the 1904 presidential election, serious louise, frivolous helen, and stolid grace, daughters of silver bow, montana pharmacist ned elliott and his wife rose, find themselves dealing with romantic prospects. tom knivel is about to propose to louise when frank medlin, a san francisco sports reporter, asks her to dance. infatuated with the young woman, frank extends his stay, and at sunday dinner in the elliott home he announces he and louise plan to wed. although her parents disapprove of the union, louise leaves for san francisco with frank that night. grace eventually marries the jilted tom and helen weds wealthy sam johnson, who promises her freedom and asks for nothing in return. although facing financial difficulty, louise urges frank to complete his novel. when she becomes pregnant, she decides to keep her condition a secret, but finally reveals the truth when she accompanies frank to a boxing match and the smoke and smells make her ill. returning home, louise suffers a miscarriage while climbing the stairs to their apartment, and her distraught husband begins to drink heavily. overwhelmed by increasing medical bills and a sense of worthlessness, frank demands a raise but is rebuffed by his editor who, telling him his writing is suffering as a result of his drinking, fires him. louise tries to console him by announcing she has found employment at a local department store, but frank's hurt pride prompts him to forbid her to work. louise ignores his demand, and while her husband struggles to find a job, she thrives as secretary to store owner william benson. fellow sportswriter tim hazelton suggests frank leave san francisco in order to get a fresh start, and he decides to accept work on a ship bound for singapore. when louise arrives home, she finds a note from frank and rushes to the docks, where a policeman mistaking her for a prostitute arrests her. by the time she is released, frank's ship has sailed. a few hours later, much of the city, including louise's apartment building, is destroyed by the 1906 earthquake. when ned is unable to contact his daughter, he travels to san francisco to search for her, but she has sought refuge with her friend flora gibbon in flora's mother's bordello in oakland. with william's help, ned locates louise and brings her back to san francisco. two years pass, the city has been rebuilt, and louise is an executive in the department store. when she learns tom has been unfaithful to grace, she returns to silver bow and is reunited with both her sisters. meanwhile, frank returns to san francisco, and although he is ill, he travels to silver bow with tim when he learns louise is there. at the ball on the night of the 1908 presidential election, frank and louise are reunited and decide to give their marriage another chance.
corpus document1456
sky giant
upon reaching retirement age, colonel cornelius stockton (harry carey) is forced to leave the us military, accepting a job running the trans-world air lines school of aeronautics in glendale, california. "stag" cahill (richard dix), an old friend from the war, is the pilot on the commercial airliner taking him to glendale. the colonel asks him to join the school staff, but stag would rather fly. when the colonel arranges for stag, a reservist, to be recalled to active duty, he orders him to take the assignment as his assistant. stag reluctantly complies. stockton imposes military discipline on the civilian school. two trainee mechanics are dismissed on the spot for being too slow. stag warns his boss that he is pushing the men too hard, but stockton disagrees. when stockton inspects the newest batch of students, he is greatly displeased to find his own son, ken (chester morris), among them. he would rather have him stay in the diplomatic service, but ken wants to design aircraft. ken and stag become rivals for the affections of meg lawrence (joan fontaine), the cousin of fellow school pilot and friend "fergie" ferguson (paul guilfoyle). despite only seeing meg a couple of times, stag impulsively proposes to her, only to find she has already agreed to marry ken. stag and fergie are assigned a dangerous pioneering mapping flight from california to alaska to russia. stockton pays them an awkward visit, observing that their aircraft could carry three. it is obvious that he wants his son to go along. stag obliges. ken has a falling out with meg over his flying, and she breaks off their engagement. when stag finds out, he proposes again; she accepts after he agrees this will be his last flight. they get married in yuma immediately, although there is no honeymoon as the mapping expedition departs within hours. the flight becomes uncomfortably awkward after stag informs ken about his marriage. during the flight, the rudder becomes jammed, forcing an emergency landing in the arctic wilderness to effect repairs. when they try to take off, the landing gear proves too weak, and the aircraft flips over. ken and stag are unharmed, but fergie's legs are broken. they devise a travois to carry fergie on the 300 mile trek to the coast. when it becomes apparent that they will not make it with the injured man as a burden, fergie insists they leave him behind, but they refuse. after ken and stag fall asleep, however, fergie drags himself out of their tent to freeze to death. eventually, stag becomes too exhausted to go on. ken is glad to leave him behind, but then recalls the time stag stood up for him against his father after a near crash. he turns around, gets stag to his feet and supports him as they trudge along. shortly afterward, they stumble upon a settlement. when they return to the school, meg rushes into ken's arms. seeing how she feels, stag tells her to get their marriage annulled.
corpus document1457
a slight case of murder
with the end of prohibition, bootlegger remy marco ("marko" in a sequence of the film) becomes a legitimate brewer; but he slowly goes broke because the beer he makes tastes terrible, and everyone is afraid to tell him so. after four years, with bank officers preparing to foreclose on the brewery, he retreats to his saratoga summer home, only to find four dead mobsters who meant to ambush him, but were killed by their confederate whom they meant to betray. more and more problems begin to pop up in the life of the former bootlegger, as he has taken in a bratty orphan, and his daughter comes home with a fiancé that turns out to be a state cop.
corpus document1458
spawn of the north
jim kimmerlee owns a salmon cannery. he is pleased to see old friend tyler dawson, who has been away hunting seal. also glad to see tyler is his sweetheart, hotel owner nicky duval. thieves have been stealing from fishing traps. jim is determined to put a stop to it, engaging in a feud with red skain, a russian fisherman who is suspected in the thefts. di turlon comes back to town after several years of big-city life. the adjustment to the fishing community is awkward at first, but di comes around and becomes interested romantically in jim. as he and others go after red and the thieves, jim is dismayed to learn that tyler has become one of red's accomplices. planning to catch the fish poachers in the act, jim tries to spare tyler by having nicky sabotage his boat, but tyler finds another vessel and joins red at sea. jim exchanges gunfire with the thieves, killing two and wounding tyler. after being found and helped by his friend after red has abandoned him, tyler decides there is one more thing he must do. close to death, he takes a boat back out, confronts red, then blows a loud boat whistle that causes an avalanche, resulting in both men's death. jim speaks admiringly of his friend's sacrificial act.
corpus document1459
stablemates
wallace beery plays eternally inebriated ex-veterinarian tom terry. an aspiring jockey mickey (mickey rooney) idolizes tom, who reciprocates by passing along horsemanship advice to the kid. the film's dramatic high point is where tom, judgement benumbed by years of alcohol abuse, tries to pull himself long enough to perform a delicate operation on mickey's beloved horse lady-q. the film culminates in a big horse race, with mickey and tom laying their hopes on the "long shot."
corpus document1460
stolen heaven
mary, a girl of the streets, and joe, a young thief, rob twenty thousand dollars and decide to spend all the money and then commit suicide. but joe's conscience speaks louder and he confesses the crime. he goes to prison knowing that mary will wait for him.
corpus document1461
suez
during a tennis match in paris between ferdinand de lesseps (tyrone power) and his friend vicomte rene de latour (joseph schildkraut), the enthusiastic admiration of countess eugenie de montijo (loretta young) for de lesseps attracts the attention of louis-napoléon bonaparte (leon ames). bonaparte sees to it that both she and de lesseps are invited to his reception. at the party, a fortuneteller predicts that eugenie will have a troubled life, but also wear a crown, and that de lesseps will dig a ditch. entranced by eugenie's beauty, bonaparte arranges for his romantic rival to be assigned to a diplomatic post in egypt, joining his father, count mathieu de lesseps (henry stephenson), the consul-general. de lesseps impulsively asks eugenie to marry him immediately, but she turns him down. in egypt, de lesseps befriends two people who will have a great influence on his life: toni pellerin (annabella), a tomboy being raised by her grandfather, french sergeant pellerin (sig rumann); and prince said (j. edward bromberg), the indolent heir of his father, mohammed ali (maurice moskovitch), the viceroy (ruler) of egypt. toni makes it clear that she has fallen in love with him, but de lesseps still pines for eugenie. count de lesseps leaves for france, leaving his son to take his place. one day, after a brief rainstorm in the desert, de lesseps sees the water draining into the sea and comes up with the idea for the suez canal. he departs for paris to raise the necessary funding; toni goes along as well. he presents his proposal to bonaparte, but is rejected. he is also disheartened to learn that eugenie is now very close to bonaparte. france is on the verge of civil war between bonaparte and the french assembly, led by count de lesseps and others. eugenie persuades ferdinand de lesseps to pass along bonaparte's proposal asking the assembly to disband, giving bonaparte's promise to reconvene it once the civil unrest has been defused. despite their misgivings, the members of the assembly agree, only to be betrayed and arrested. bonaparte assumes the throne of the revived french empire, just as count de lesseps had feared. the news causes the count to suffer a fatal stroke. ferdinand de lesseps is outraged, but toni persuades him to do nothing. in return for de lesseps' help, bonaparte (now emperor napoleon iii), withdraws his objections to the canal, and construction commences under de lesseps' direction. the building of the canal progresses despite turkish sabotage. however, napoleon unexpectedly withdraws his support out of political necessity; he needs to appease great britain, and the british prime minister (george zucco) is firmly opposed to the project. prince said bankrupts himself to keep the venture going, but it is not enough. de lesseps goes to england to plead his case. the prime minister is unmoved, but the leader of the opposition, benjamin disraeli (miles mander), is enthusiastic about the project. disraeli tells him to return to egypt and pray that disraeli wins the upcoming general election. he does, and funding is assured. as the canal nears completion, an enormous sandstorm threatens everything. when de lesseps is knocked unconscious by flying debris, toni rescues him by tying him to a wooden post, but is herself swept away and killed. de lesseps finishes the canal and is honored by eugenie, now empress of france after her marriage to napoleon iii.[3]
corpus document1462
sweethearts
broadway stars gwen marlowe (jeanette macdonald) and ernest lane (nelson eddy) are appearing in a 6-year run of victor herbert's operetta sweethearts (ray bolger dances the role of hans). they are also very much in love after six years of marriage. norman trumpett (reginald gardiner) is a successful hollywood talent scout under pressure to recruit marlowe and lane for his studio, which their broadway producer felix lehman (frank morgan) is equally determined to prevent. the couple's attempts to rest and be together are repeatedly thwarted by professional and personal demands made on their time, talents and money by lehman and their own theatrical families - who also live with them. frustrated beyond endurance and seduced by trumpett's idyllic (and false) description of working conditions in hollywood, they decide to quit the show and take the hollywood offer. (in guise of buying a new wardrobe for the trip jeanette macdonald models fashions of 1938.) this spells “the end” for the broadway production, news so devastating that constantly feuding playwright leo kronk (mischa auer) and composer oscar engel (herman bing) stop fighting long enough for lehman, kronk and company to hatch a counter-plot. by convincing marlowe that lane is having an affair with his pretty secretary kay jordan (florence rice) they split-up the happy couple, putting an end to the hollywood deal and allowing lehman to mount two separate touring companies of the show, each with one star and one understudy. delighted with the outcome, engel produces kronk's new play - which closes in a week. from a variety review of the play marlowe and lane realize they were tricked and join forces to confront lehman.... but nonetheless resume the broadway run of sweethearts together.
corpus document1463
swing your lady
promoter ed hatch comes to the ozarks with his slow-witted wrestler joe skopapoulos whom he pits against a hillbilly amazon blacksmith, sadie horn. joe falls in love with her and won't fight, at least not until sadie's beau, noah, shows up.
corpus document1464
swing!
mandy jenkins (cora green), an african american cook for a wealthy white family in birmingham, alabama, discovers her husband cornell is having an affair with eloise jackson (hazel diaz). when she confronts her husband and eloise at a nightclub, a violent fight ensues. eloise leaves birmingham and relocates to the harlem section of new york city, where she gets a job as a cabaret vocalist under the false name of cora smith. she is followed to harlem by her husband, lem, who becomes mixed up in the local crime scene. mandy also arrives in new york, having left cornell. she gets a job as the wardrobe mistress at the cabaret where eloise is performing. when eloise breaks her leg during a drunken fall, mandy is recruited as the last-minute substitute and becomes a musical star as the revue is transferred to broadway. cornell, who is now destitute, reunites with mandy and agrees never to cheat on her again.[1]
corpus document1465
the terror of tiny town
the film begins with a man on a stage who is the only cast member in the entire film who is of average height. the m.c. goes on to say that this film is the first of its kind and names it the terror of tiny town. then walks on stage the hero, buck larson who interrupts the emcee, telling him that the story is serious as he is the hero and will become the biggest star in hollywood. the villain of the film, bat haines, comes on stage to say that he will be the biggest star in hollywood. the two then proceed to argue and try to fight each other. the emcee breaks them up and lets the film proceed. the townspeople are at work while singing laugh your troubles away. buck larson’s father, pop larson, tells buck that he wants him to go to the ranch and find out why the calves are disappearing. bat haines and his gang are seen roping the calves while riding shetland ponies. buck spots the cattle rustlers, and they run off before he can see them up close. the rustlers plant a branding iron with the initials of a neighboring rancher, tex preston. meanwhile, bat tells tex that the larsons are shooting his cattle. later tex goes to town to retrieve his niece, nancy preston, who was orphaned and will now live with her uncle. in the town saloon bat tells the sheriff to stay out of the larson and preston feud or he will be sent back to the jail. he also reveals that he will rob a stagecoach carrying money. while bat and his gang try to rob the carriage, buck and his group see the attack and run bat haines off. buck is able to stop the runaway carriage that is carrying preston’s niece, nancy. after nancy gives buck her thanks, buck takes nancy back into town. buck and nancy’s romance continues, but they have to meet in secret due to the family feud. nancy and buck are discovered by pop larson and are forced to stay away from each other. buck chases after nancy and together they ride away. bat spies on the couple and tells tex that they are together. tex rides to meet them and sends nancy home. buck convinces tex that someone else has stolen their property. as tex rides away he is murdered by bat who then tries to kill buck, but fails. bat tells nancy that it was buck who shot tex. bat forces the sheriff to arrest buck for tex’s murder. buck confronts nancy and convinces her he didn’t shoot tex, and in the process figures out that it is bat who is causing all the problems. buck confronts bat in the town’s saloon and punches him. the sheriff then takes buck into custody. bat plans to take matters into his own hands and tries to have buck hanged without a trial. buck sends nancy to the larson ranch to round up people who will help buck escape. as the angry mob closes in on buck, the sheriff intervenes but is shot by bat. bat escapes through the window before the larson crew arrives. buck chases after bat to his secret hideout. meanwhile, the angry dance hall girl, nita, plants dynamite in bat’s cabin. she is angry after bat neglected and hit her. buck and bat engage in a final duel inside the cabin. buck is able to run out of the cabin at the last second, leaving bat haines behind. the cabin blows up as bat prepares to shoot buck in the back of the head. buck and nancy are finally able to share a kiss.
corpus document1466
test pilot
reckless test pilot jim lane (clark gable) is forced to land on a kansas farm in his aircraft, the "drake bullet", where he meets ann "thursday" barton (myrna loy). they spend the day together and fall in love. once jim's best friend and mechanic, gunner morris (spencer tracy), arrives, jim ignores ann. to spur him, she gets engaged to her sweetheart. jim leaves in the morning, but soon comes back for her. they quickly get married. jim loses his job at drake, when he clashes with the owner (lionel barrymore), and takes a job with another outfit, flying a very experimental aircraft. ann soon finds out how dangerous her husband's occupation is, but she promises gunner that she will stick to her man. jim wins the race, but benson, the man drake sends in jim's place, dies, leaving a wife and three children behind. jim tries to reform his ways and begins by taking a job testing aircraft, even conducting dangerous flights as he wants to give ann a real home. gunner remains true to his friend.[n 1] one day, gunner accompanies jim on a test flight of a new bomber (a y1b-17, an early boeing b-17 flying fortress prototype). upon reaching 30,000 feet, something goes wrong; the bomber goes into a spin and sandbags (substituting for the weight of bombs) break loose, pinning gunner. unwilling to bail out without his buddy, jim manages to crash land, and pulls a badly injured gunner out of the wreckage right before it burst into flames; but it is too late for gunner. when jim realizes the toll his job has taken on his wife, he gives it up and joins the united states army air corps.
corpus document1467
that certain age
alice fullerton is the 15-year-old daughter of newspaper publisher bill. she becomes involved with a group of boy scouts, who is led by ken warren. ken wants to put on a show to raise money in order to go to scout camp. alice helps him out with giving him permission to use the family home to rehearse. she is very helpful to them and is eventually given permission to be a part of the act. meanwhile, bill offers the house to reporter vince bullit, who intends on finishing an article in peace and quiet. alice fears for her new friends being kicked out of the house and decides to try to scare vincent away. she tries to scare vincent by pretending the house is haunted by evil ghosts. however, vincent sees through the hoax and confronts alice. she tells him the whole truth. vincent sympathizes with them and decides to leave the house, but bill doesn't want him to. alice changes her mind when she discovers vincent is ill. she takes care of him and develops a crush. ken, who has a crush on alice, becomes jealous and tries to infuriate her by replacing her with singer mary lee. when an upcoming party is announced, alice is determined to buy vincent an expensive gift. she sells some of her stuff and buys a cigarette lighter. at the night of the party, she secretly borrows a dress from her mother to look older. she demands her to take her dress off. enraged, alice refuses to talk to anyone. ken tells vincent and alice's parents that she is in love with vincent. alice's mother tries to discourage alice, but she is determined to marry him. at the night of the party, alice's mother tells a lie to discourage her daughter. she tells alice vincent is married to a reporter called grace bristow. alice finally gives up her crush and is allowed to take over the part in the show when mary lee becomes ill.
corpus document1468
there's always a woman
bill reardon's (melvyn douglas) private detective agency is not making any money, so he decides to swallow his pride and return to work for the district attorney as a special investigator. his wife sally (joan blondell), who persuaded him to start his own business, decides to keep the agency going herself. sally is quickly hired by lola fraser (mary astor) to investigate anne calhoun (frances drake), a former girlfriend of lola's husband walter (lester matthews) who has been in contact with him. at a nightclub owned by nick shane (jerome cowan), pretending to be out with bill for pleasure rather than business, sally witnesses anne's angry fiancé jerry marlowe (robert paige) threatening walter, and before long walter ends up dead. jerry is the prime suspect. mr. ketterling (pierre watkin), jerry's employer, talks him into hiring sally to prove him innocent. shane could be behind it, she figures, but his body is found in the reardons' apartment, where sally catches a whiff of a familiar perfume, lola's. escaping police custody as a murder suspect, sally gets lola to sign a confession that she killed shane in self defense by pretending to have found her handkerchief at the scene of the crime. however, bill arrests lola for hiring shane to kill walter to inherit all of his estate instead of getting a divorce settlement. when shane started blackmailing her, she killed him.
corpus document1469
three blind mice
three kansas sisters, owners of a chicken farm, dream of a different life. pamela (loretta young) pretends to be a rich lady, moira (marjorie weaver) her personal maid and elizabeth (pauline moore) her personal secretary. when they inherit $5872, pam decides to head to california in search of a rich husband, which will make it much easier for her sisters to do the same. moira and liz do not like the idea, but pam talks them into it. when they check into a santa barbara hotel under their rehearsed roles, steve harrington (david niven), who is taking a call at the front desk, is enchanted, but pam thinks he is a gold digger, so she gives him a chilly reception. later, mike brophy (stuart erwin), a hotel waiter, proves most informative about who is wealthy and who is not. steve is. when pam causes a boating accident, steve is knocked into the water. she jumps in and pretends to be drowning, but discovers that he is in trouble himself, so she rescues him, punching him when he struggles too much. they are observed by an amused van dam smith (joel mccrea), another very rich young man. it turns out that steve can swim; he just had trouble taking off his boots. soon pam has not one but two suitors. however, the money runs out, and the sisters cannot even pay their hotel bill in full. pam pressures moira into borrowing $100 from mike under false pretenses. fortunately, van proposes. pam accepts and confesses everything to him. he then informs her that he is deeply in debt. his rich grandfather left all his millions in trust for his zoos and animals. she still wants to marry him, but he insists that steve is the husband for her. he then tells steve that he is leaving town. steve wastes no time in proposing to pam; she accepts. unfortunately, when she tells moira the news, mike overhears everything. disgusted, he decides to tell steve, but the women manage to lock him in the bathroom. they quickly pack and leave for steve's california ranch. steve warns them that he has an odd but well-meaning sister, miriam (binnie barnes). miriam insists they go to a nightclub to celebrate. there she picks up van dam smith at the bar. when she discovers that the others already know van, she insists he stay at their place and be best man at the wedding, much to pam's discomfort. meantime mike has followed the women and has been hired as a "personal bartender" by miriam. when they are alone, mike tells pam that he will put her "on probation" and that whether or not he tells steve depends on how she behaves; he also confesses to loving moira. eventually, van can stand it no longer. he tells pam that her wedding cannot go on. pam weakens and they embrace. steve comes in at this point. after pam tells him everything about herself and her sisters, steve realizes he has fallen in love with elizabeth. she accepts his proposal. then they learn that mike married moira the day before, and that he is wealthy too, with a 100,000 acre ranch in montana and 15,000 head of cattle. at the end, pamela explains to van that "it's just that easy to fall in love with a poor man as a rich one" - the opposite of what she said to her sisters at the beginning.
corpus document1470
tip-off girls
a ring of truck hijackers is organized by joseph valkus, run by red deegan and fronted by rena terry, a woman who pretends to be helpless, tricking truckers to trust her before their shipments are stolen. out to bust up the racket, the fbi assigns agents bob anders and tom benson to go undercover. pretending to be drivers, then thieves, they gain valkus's trust. bob also meets and falls for marjorie rogers, a secretary who is totally unaware of the illegal activities. bob is overheard tipping off the fbi to the next heist. he is beaten by valkus's men, but marjorie manages to write and deliver a note that brings federal agents to the rescue.
corpus document1471
too hot to handle
union newsreel reporter chris hunter (clark gable) is sneakier and has fewer scruples than his rivals in war-torn china. when the japanese do not oblige with a convenient aerial attack to film, chris fakes one with a model aircraft with his cameraman josé estanza (leo carrillo). outraged when he finds out, chris' main competitor, atlas newsreel's bill dennis (walter pidgeon) decides to do the same, having his aviator friend alma harding (myrna loy) fly in "serum" for an imaginary cholera outbreak.[note 1] chris finds out and swoops in to film her landing. josé, however, drives too close to the aircraft, causing it to crash and burst into flames. chris rescues alma, but when he starts to go back for the serum, she has to admit the truth, telling him that it is a fake. chris piles on lie after lie to romance alma, even pretending to get fired by his boss, "gabby" macarthur (walter connolly), for burning the footage. chris convinces her to work for union. she reveals that she needs the money to mount a search for her brother harry, lost in the amazon jungle and given up for dead by everyone else. they travel to new york (where gabby is eagerly awaiting the landing footage chris is secretly bringing). bill follows to protect the woman he has loved for years from his unscrupulous competitor. however, the whole charade is eventually revealed, discrediting chris, bill and alma. both reporters are fired, and people begin to question whether alma's brother is really missing. chris' budding romance with alma is quashed when she learns of his numerous lies. ashamed, chris and bill hock their equipment and have josé pretend to be a generous, kind-hearted south american plantation owner. he presents alma with nearly $8,000 and a compass supposedly from harry's aircraft. he tells her one of his workers brought it to him. in reality, chris etched a fake serial number on it. alma buys a floatplane and supplies, and sets out for south america. both chris and bill follow. they eventually find a native who claims to know where harry is. despite josé's warning that the man is a follower of voodoo and means them no good, alma is convinced when the native produces harry's watch. to protect alma, chris and josé set out on their own with their guide in a canoe. as they near the village, the native escapes, though josé shoots and wounds him. chris spots an ill white man through his binoculars. josé suspects the natives intend to sacrifice him that night, so, using their camera equipment, chris makes the frightened natives believe he is a powerful magician or god. he and josé tend to the unconscious man. despite a tense moment when their former guide shows up and denounces them, chris maintains a tenuous control of the situation. when he hears alma flying by, he has the natives show the wreckage of harry's aircraft. she and bill land nearby. chris disguises himself and his cameraman as witch doctors, and film alma and bill without their knowledge. the natives finally turn hostile. alma and bill get harry into their aircraft, but when chris and josé try to board it (still in disguise), bill hits chris. the aircraft takes off, leaving chris and josé to paddle for their lives. when alma, bill and harry return to new york, they are welcomed by reporters. however, "pearly" todd (henry kolker), bill's annoyed boss, wants to know how chris got footage of harry's dramatic rescue and he did not. realizing that chris must have been the helpful witch doctor, alma reconciles with chris (in the midst of a dangerous police shootout).
corpus document1472
the toy wife
set during the american civil war, the toy wife tells the story of frou-frou, a 16-year-old coquette. she has been in france to attend a prestigious school, but is now returning to her family plantation in louisiana. craving to go to new orleans, she fakes a toothache to visit a dentist there. she is chaperoned by madame vallaire, but soon ditches her to attend a ball. there, she meets vaillare's son andre, a wastral whom she is immediately attracted to. after returning home, frou-frou and her older sister louise befriend georges sartoris, a family friend who received a knife wound after prosecuting a white man for killing a black slave. louise is in love with him, but encourages her sister to marry him after finding out georges is more interested in frou-frou. as suggested, frou-frou and georges marry. five years later, their four-year-old son celebrates his birthday. georges is worried his wife is after all those years still youthful and flirtatious. fearing she would be unable to give up her life style to become attached to the household, georges asks louise to teach her sister how to be a wife. things don't work out as planned and eventually it is louise who is doing all the chores. meanwhile, frou-frou becomes reacquainted with andre while rehearsing a new play she will star in. at home, she realises her sister is taking over her life, winning over the heart of both georges and her son. outraged, she confronts louise and soon elopes with andre. six months later, frou-frou's father victor is informed by madame vallaire that his daughter and andre are currently living in new york city. distraught, victor collapses and dies the same day. meanwhile, frou-frou and andre are living in poverty due to andre's gambling debts. her father's will leaves her with half of his plantation, but she forfeits her share to her son georgie. when she and andre return to new orleans, jealous ex-husband georges challenges andre to a duel. everybody suspects andre will win, but he is shot and killed. it is hinted that andre had purposely chosen to be the loser in the duel, because he chose pistols as the weapons, rather than his actual preference of swords. time goes by and frou-frou is now a poor woman, dying of pneumonia. one evening, while praying in church, she is noticed by louise. she makes georges realize that frou-frou become the woman she was for him,[clarification needed] explaining that was what he really wanted. touched, he visits frou-frou and finally allows her to see her son again. he takes her back home and is told there by frou-frou he should marry louise. soon after, frou-frou dies.
corpus document1473
trade winds
former police detective sam wye (fredric march) is on the trail of socialite kay kerrigan (joan bennett) who is accused of fatally shooting millionaire cad thomas bruhme (sidney blackmer). kay has taken a ship to the south seas followed by sam, sam's secretary jean livingstone (ann sothern) as well as police detectives ben "homer" blodgett (ralph bellamy) and george faulkner (robert elliott). along the way, through various adventures, sam and kay fall in love, as do homer and jean. sam eventually determines that the actual killer was a jealous husband whose wife was having an affair with bruhme. kay is thus cleared and free to marry sam.
corpus document1474
up the river
two convicts, st. louis (spencer tracy) and dannemora dan (warren hymer) befriend another convict named steve (humphrey bogart), who is in love with woman's-prison inmate judy (claire luce). steve is paroled, promising judy that he will wait for her release five months later. he returns to his hometown in new england and his mother's home. however, he is followed there by judy's former "employer", the scam artist frosby (gaylord pendleton). frosby threatens to expose steve's prison record if the latter refuses to go along with a scheme to defraud his neighbors. steve goes along with it until frosby defrauds his mother. fortunately, at this moment st. louis and dannemora dan have broken out of prison and come to steve's aid, taking away a gun he planned to use on the fraudster, instead stealing back bonds stolen by frosby. they return to prison in time for its annual baseball game against a rival penitentiary. the film closes with st. louis on the pitcher's mound with his catcher, dannemora dan, presumably ready to lead their team to victory.[1][2]
corpus document1475
valley of the giants
this film is about a man named bill cardigan (wayne morris) who owns a large portion of the california redwoods. howard fallon (charles bickford) along with hendricks (john litel), lee roberts (claire trevor), ed morell (jack la rue) and fingers mccarthy (frank mchugh) go to california and try to procure bill's land. howard finds out about bill's large debt that he owes to the bank and now has a way to get ownership of the forest. accidentally the claims howard had towards the land get destroyed in a fire giving bill a chance to reclaim his ownership. now all bill has to do it get his lumber cut and shipped within six weeks. howard does everything in his power to stop bill including destroying the railroad, damming the river and even locks him along with lee in the caboose of the train and sends it towards the destroyed track. fallon gets captured and surrenders to bill giving him back his land.
corpus document1476
vivacious lady
vivacious lady is a story of love at first sight between a young botany professor named peter morgan jr. (stewart) and a nightclub singer named francey (rogers). the film also has comedic elements, including repeatedly frustrated attempts by the newlywed couple to find a moment alone with each other. the story begins when peter is sent to manhattan to retrieve his playboy cousin keith (ellison) and immediately falls in love with francey. after a whirlwind one-day courtship, peter and francey get married, and they and keith return to the morgan family's home, where peter teaches at the university run by his father peter morgan sr. (coburn). mr. morgan is known for being a proud, overbearing man, so peter is afraid to tell him about the marriage. when they arrive, mr. morgan and peter's high-society fiancée helen (mercer) initially take francey for another of keith's girlfriends. while peter decides how to approach his father with the news, francey stays at a women-only hotel, and peter and keith introduce her as a new botany student. peter mentions francey to his father twice, but on both occasions, mr. morgan interrupts and ignores his son, and when peter becomes insistent, his apparently ailing mother (bondi) has a flare-up of her heart condition, making any further conversation impossible. for his third attempt, peter decides to announce the marriage to his parents at the university's student-faculty prom. keith brings francey to the prom as his own guest, and francey, still posing as a student, develops a friendly rapport with mrs. morgan, but gets into a nasty brawl with helen in which francey accidentally punches peter's father. peter says nothing at the prom, but blurts the news to his father just as mr. morgan is about to give an important speech, resulting in another argument and another flare-up of mrs. morgan's heart condition. this prevents mrs. morgan from learning who francey is, but she accidentally finds out from francey herself during a conversation in francey's apartment. mrs. morgan accepts the news happily, and admits to francey that she pretends to have heart trouble any time her husband gets into an argument, but mr. morgan demands that francey leave peter, threatening to fire him if she doesn't. francey agrees to leave, but the incident releases thirty years of marital frustration in mrs. morgan, who also decides to leave her husband. francey tells peter she will leave him unless he can change his father's mind before her train departs. peter's solution is to threaten the family with disgrace by getting drunk and otherwise misbehaving until his father relents, even if it costs him his job. peter passes out before he can reach the train, which departs with both francey and mrs. morgan aboard, but mr. morgan, having finally yielded to the combined pressure of his son and wife, stops the train by driving ahead of it with peter and parking the car on the track. both marriages are saved, and peter and francey finally have their honeymoon on the train.
corpus document1477
walking down broadway
a quintet of new york city chorus girls plan a reunion for the one-year anniversary of their show's closing. they discover the different paths their careers and lives have taken.
corpus document1478
where the west begins
after being told by his ranch boss lynn that she plans to sell her ranch to finance a move east, jack is framed for cattle rustling by barnes, the man set to buy the ranch. with the help of his pal buzz, jack escapes the noose and the two set out to clear jack's name. in addition, jack is suspicious of the reason why barnes wants to own lynn's ranch in the first place.
corpus document1479
white banners
on a dreary, cold and snowy day in a small town in 1919 indiana, a peddler named hannah parmalee (bainter) appears at the door of a kind couple, paul ward (rains) and his wife, marcia (johnson), selling apple peelers. asked by mrs. ward to come inside and warm up, hannah sees they are struggling financially and are in need of some domestic help. she offers her services and becomes their cook and housekeeper for room and board. mr. ward, a science teacher by day, is an inventor by night attempting to create something that will provide sufficient money for marcia, their teenaged daughter sally (granville) and their new baby, to have some luxuries in life. hannah, who is extremely wise and helpful, comes up with some good ideas. she persuades ward to sell old and useless furniture to raise money and make a place for his work in the basement. their teenaged neighbor, peter trimble (cooper), is one of ward's students and the son of the richest man in town, sam trimble (o'neill). hannah is very pleased to know peter and to be a part of his life. in her devotion to him, however, she is never able to indulge the motherly instinct she feels, except in an indirect way. he is very good at science and, after hannah suggests that he set a good example for the boy, ward asks young trimble to become his assistant. sally develops a crush on peter. ward's invention, an "iceless icebox," is unintentionally revealed by peter to local mechanics joe ellis (william pawley) and his brother bill (edward pawley). when the ellis brothers steal it and have it patented, peter feels so bad about what he did that he lies when ward asks him about it. in the meantime, sally becomes ill with pneumonia. hannah persuades ward that it is best to "turn the other cheek" and to give young peter another chance. ward then develops a new and better feature for his invention, which is on its way to becoming a great electric refrigerator for homes. sally recovers and she and her mother, marcia, leave on a trip with the baby. another crisis arises, however, when thomas bradford (james stephenson), a wealthy businessman from chicago, arrives to discuss financing of ward's invention. hannah reveals to ward that peter trimble is her son who she was forced to give up all those years ago because he was born out of wedlock. sam trimble adopted him after his own baby died, but bradford is the boy's real father. when bradford finds out that peter is his son, he wants to claim him. hannah, however, persuades him to not reveal the truth to peter. the movie ends as hannah, satisfied with the kind of young man her son has become, and that he is on the right path in life, leaves with peter believing that his adoptive parents are his biological parents. she walks off into the wintry landscape.
corpus document1480
who killed gail preston?
hardly anybody at the swing swing club is fond of the singer, gail preston, and therefore aren't particularly upset when she is murdered there. but it is inspector tom kellogg's job to find out what happened and who did it. suspicion at first falls on a man named owen, but when he, too, is found dead, bandleader swing traynor becomes the prime suspect. discovering that someone killed preston by rigging a gun to a spotlight, kellogg gathers all the suspects into a room and trains the spotlight on each.
corpus document1481
wives under suspicion
a district attorney (william) realizes that his own wife (patrick) might be having an affair while he is prosecuting a cuckolded murderer.
corpus document1482
woman against woman
unhappy in his marriage, attorney stephen holland decides to get a divorce from his pretentious wife cynthia, despite concern over how it will affect ellen, their young daughter. cynthia sets out to make her ex-husband's life miserable. she first deceives stephen's mother into siding with her, mrs. holland suggesting that stephen let the little girl remain solely in cynthia's custody for a while. stephen must leave on a work-related trip to washington, d.c., so he reluctantly agrees. at a reception for his friend senator kingsley, he meets maris kent and becomes smitten. they are soon married and move back to stephen's hometown, but cynthia conspires to ruin their lives any way she can, even having friends snub maris at the local country club. away with her daughter at a remote inn, cynthia schemes to make stephen abandon his wife by pretending that their daughter ellen is seriously ill and needs him. stephen's wife and mother decide to accompany him to the inn, where all three discover a carefree cynthia dancing while ellen is perfectly fine. cynthia is revealed to all what kind of person she is.
corpus document1483
a yank at oxford
a cocky american athlete named lee sheridan (robert taylor) receives a scholarship to attend cardinal college, oxford university in 1937. at first, lee is reluctant to go to the college owing to his father dan's (lionel barrymore) limited income, but he finally does attend. once in england, lee brags about his athletic triumphs to paul beaumont (griffith jones), wavertree (robert coote), and ramsey (peter croft) on the train to oxford. annoyed, they trick lee into getting off the train at the wrong stop. lee, however, does make his way to oxford where the students attempt to trick him again, this time into thinking that he is getting a grand reception. seeing through the deception, he follows the prankster impersonating the dean and after chasing him is thrown off and ends up kicking the real dean of cardinal (edmund gwenn) before retreating. this begins a contentious relationship between them when lee reports to apologize. lee considers leaving oxford but stays on after being convinced by scatters (edward rigby), his personal servant. lee meets elsa craddock (vivien leigh), a married woman who "helps" the new campus students, and starts a relationship with paul beaumont's sister molly (maureen o'sullivan). lee makes the track team by outpacing other runners while wearing a cap and gown. just when he begins to fit in, he is hazed for refusing to rest during a crucial relay race at a track meet and pushing his replacement paul out of the way in his zeal to win. in a fit of anger, lee goes to a pub, which students are forbidden to frequent, to confront paul, finding him in a private booth with elsa. he starts a fight with paul but wavertree warns them of the bullers coming. lee and paul run and when they are almost caught by one of the bullers, lee punches him. paul is called before the dean, fined and warned for hitting the buller. he is scorned for saying it was lee who punched him and lee is soon the favorite of paul's old friends. molly begins to see him again, but lee still feels poor for what has happened between her and paul. lee begins rowing for oxford university boat club and in the bumps race for cardinal's boat club, tries to make amends to paul after winning a race, but paul rejects the offer of friendship. though his offer of friendship was rejected, lee still helps paul by hiding elsa in his own room when elsa is looking for paul. the dean catches the two of them together and expels lee from oxford. lee's father comes for the races having not heard of lee's expulsion from oxford university. when lee tells him that he had been having an affair with elsa, dan believes he is lying. judging from lee's letters about molly he feels that lee could not possibly have had an affair with elsa due to the way he feels about molly. dan meets with molly and the two devise a plan to get lee back into college. dan meets with elsa at the bookstore and convinces her to talk to the dean. after flirting with the dean and telling him that lee was only hiding her from wavertree, lee is allowed back into oxford and wavertree, who has spent the entire story trying to be expelled so he can come into an inheritance, receives to his disappointment only a minor punishment. lee and paul make amends and win the boat race.
corpus document1484
you and me
mr morris runs a department store which specialises in hiring former inmates who want to assimilate into civilian life. two of his employees, joe and helen, have fallen in love. joe is planning on leaving for california. they decide to get married.
corpus document1485
you can't take it with you
a successful banker, anthony p. kirby (edward arnold), has just returned from washington, d.c., where he was effectively granted a government-sanctioned munitions monopoly, which will make him very rich. he intends to buy up a 12-block radius around a competitor's factory to put him out of business, but there is one house that is a holdout to selling. kirby instructs his real estate broker, john blakely (clarence wilson), to offer a huge sum for the house, and if that is not accepted, to cause trouble for the family. meanwhile grandpa vanderhof (lionel barrymore) convinces a banker named poppins to pursue his dream of making animated toys. kirby's son, tony (james stewart), a vice president in the family company, has fallen in love with a company stenographer, alice sycamore (jean arthur). when tony proposes marriage, alice is worried that her family would be looked upon poorly by tony's rich and famous family. in fact, alice is the only relatively normal member of the eccentric sycamore family, led by vanderhof. unbeknownst to the players, alice's family lives in the house that will not sell out. kirby and his wife (mary forbes) strongly disapprove of tony's choice for marriage. before she accepts, alice forces tony to bring his family to become better acquainted with their future in-laws. but when tony purposely brings his family on the wrong day, the sycamore family is caught off-guard and the house is in disarray. as the kirbys are preparing to leave after a rather disastrous meeting, the police arrive in response to the printed threats on ed carmichael's flyers, and when the fireworks in the basement go off, they arrest everyone in the house. held up in the drunk tank preparing to see the night court judge, mrs. kirby repeatedly insults alice and makes her feel unworthy of her son, while grandpa explains to kirby the importance of having friends and that despite all the wealth and success in business, "you can't take it with you". at the court hearing, the judge (harry davenport) allows for grandpa and his family to settle the charges for disturbing the peace and making illegal fireworks by assessing a fine, which grandpa's friends pitch in to pay for. he repeatedly asks why the kirbys were at the vanderhof house. when grandpa says it was to talk over selling the house, alice has an outburst and says it was because she was engaged to tony but is spurning him because of how poorly she has been treated by his family. this causes a sensation in the papers, and alice flees the city. with alice gone, grandpa decides to sell the house, thus meaning the whole section of the town must vacate in preparation for building a new factory. now, the kirby companies merge, creating a huge fluctuation in the stock market. when kirby's competitor, ramsey (h. b. warner), dies after confronting him for being ruthless and a failure of a man, kirby has a realization he is heading for the same fate, and decides to leave the meeting concerning signing the contracts. as the vanderhofs are moving out of the house, tony tries to track down alice. kirby arrives and talks privately with grandpa, sharing his realization. grandpa responds by inviting him to play "polly wolly doodle" on the harmonica that he gave him. the two let loose with the rest of the family joining in the merriment, and with alice taking tony back. later, at the dinner table, grandpa says grace for the sycamore family and the kirbys, revealing that kirby has sold back the houses on the block.
corpus document1486
young dr. kildare
after graduating from medical school, dr. james kildare (lew ayres) returns to his small home town, where his proud parents stephen (samuel s. hinds) and martha kildare (emma dunn) and childhood friend alice raymond (lynne carver) expect him to join his father in his medical practice. however, he is more ambitious, though he is unsure what he wants to do. he has accepted a job as an intern at blair general, a large new york city hospital. he and the other new interns are being greeted by the hospital's administrator, dr. carew (walter kingsford), when the famous wheelchair-bound diagnostician dr. leonard gillespie (lionel barrymore) bursts in and sizes up the newcomers. when gillespie demands that the interns diagnose him on the spot, only kildare takes up his challenge, prognosticating that he has a melanoma on his hand and a year to live. when kildare hedges before gillespie's gruff, gillespie dismisses interest in him. later, kildare is assigned ambulance duty with attendant joe wayman (nat pendleton). his first call is a man who has passed out in a bar. discarding the obvious conclusion of drunkenness, kildare suspects the man has a serious medical problem. when kildare has to respond to a second, more urgent call, he orders the skeptical wayman to give the man oxygen all the way to the hospital. wayman disregards his order and the man dies as a result. kildare later takes the blame rather than have wayman lose his job. kildare then attends to barbara chanler (jo ann sayers), a young suicide victim. despite finding no signs of life, kildare refuses to give up and finally succeeds in reviving her. barbara chanler turns out to be the sole child and heiress of extremely wealthy robert chanler (pierre watkin). highly respected psychiatrist dr. lane-porteus (monty woolley) diagnoses schizophrenia. kildare, based on a short conversation he had with barbara, is sure that she was driven to attempt suicide for more ordinary reasons. however, when kildare refuses to divulge what she told him in strictest confidence, carew suspends him. from a chance comment by barbara's concerned fiance, jack hamilton (truman bradley), kildare is able to piece the clues together. after quarreling with hamilton, barbara had gone to a nightclub alone, where she had started drinking heavily. a man took her upstairs to a private room, and that's all she remembered of the night. she was found by a policeman wandering the streets and taken home. fear of what might have happened during her blackout made her try to take her own life. when kildare goes to gillespie for advice, the older man broadly hints that he should ignore hospital rules. kildare sneaks in to see barbara to reassure her that nothing disgraceful happened. the man at the nightclub had recognized her and, fearful of what her rich father would do if he took advantage of her condition, he had simply dumped her on the street. kildare then coaches barbara on how to act so that lane-porteus does not have her confined to a mental institution. unaware of these developments, the hospital board fires kildare for insubordination. he tells his parents and alice, who have come to see him, that he is ready to become his father's partner. however, gillespie has other ideas. all along, he had been testing kildare. now that he is sure of kildare's integrity, competence and most of all courage of convictions, gillespie hires the young man as his assistant, to pass along as much as possible before he dies of what kildare had correctly diagnosed.
corpus document1487
the young in heart
a family of con artists led by "colonel" anthony "sahib" carleton (roland young) and his wife "marmy" (billie burke) are working the french riviera in search of wealthy potential mates for their daughter george-anne (janet gaynor) and son richard (douglas fairbanks, jr.). sahib, a former actor, passes himself off as an officer who served with the bengal lancers in india. george-anne flirts with her scottish suitor, duncan macrae (richard carlson), whom she dismisses when she learns that he is not rich. richard has managed to get himself engaged to the wealthy, but rather plain adela jennings. meanwhile, sahib cheats her american senator father out of a large sum of money at poker. the local police find out about the carleton family, provide them with complimentary train tickets to london, courtesy of mr. jennings, and order them to leave the country. on the train, george-anne meets a lonely old spinster named miss ellen fortune (minnie dupree), who inherited a fortune from her former fiancé, with whom she had quarreled in her youth. the kindhearted miss fortune invites george-anne and her family to her first-class compartment, and the penniless family eagerly accepts, hoping to swindle her out of some of her money. while miss fortune treats them to dinner, the train derails, and they manage to extricate the old woman from the wreckage. grateful for their actions, she invites them to stay with her at her london mansion. seeing an opportunity to make their way into miss fortune's will, they treat her with kindness and spend evenings with her. sahib and richard also go out looking for jobs in order to persuade both her and her suspicious lawyer, felix anstruther (henry stephenson), that they can be trusted. meanwhile, duncan looks up george-anne, whom he still loves, despite her repeated rejections and her family's continued shady activities. he finds sahib a job as a flying wombat car salesman. the initially reluctant colonel is soon applying his con artist skills so successfully that he is promoted to manager of the london branch. richard also takes a job, as a mail clerk at an engineering firm when he sees lovely leslie saunders (paulette goddard) working there. she is also attracted to him, despite his completely frank admissions about his flawed character. soon he is planning to take night courses in engineering. gradually the two men begin to find the value of honest work and start to feel guilty about taking advantage of miss fortune. george-anne and marmy also honestly care about the old woman, but all four believe the others are still only after the inheritance. miss fortune eventually learns about the carletons' background from anstruther, her lawyer, but she reacts with great compassion. she informs george-anne that she is going to have a new will written, leaving everything to the carletons. at a dinner party, miss fortune collapses, leaving the family legitimately concerned for the health of the woman who has changed all of their lives. gathered in worried watch outside her sick room, they dismiss anstruther's news that her fortune has diminished and they will inherit nothing. marmy, in her grief, exclaims they do not want her money. anstruther then informs them she will even lose her house. marmy, sahib and richard retort she will never lack for a home or their care, much to anstruther and george-anne's surprise. sometime later, a recovered miss ellen drives anstruther uncomfortably fast in her flying wombat to the carletons' house, where she now lives. george-anne is married to duncan, and richard to leslie.
corpus document1488
6,000 enemies
district attorney steve donegan (walter pidgeon) an all-too-efficient district attorney who has sent dozens of criminals to prison finds himself framed on a bribery charge and winds up in prison himself.[2]
corpus document1489
the adventures of sherlock holmes
the picture begins with moriarty and holmes verbally sparring on the steps outside the old bailey where moriarty has just been acquitted on a charge of murder due to lack of evidence. holmes remarks, "you've a magnificent brain, moriarty. i admire it. i admire it so much i'd like to present it, pickled in alcohol, to the london medical society." "it would make an impressive exhibit," replies moriarty. holmes and watson are visited at 221b baker street by ann brandon (ida lupino). she tells him that her brother lloyd has received a strange note: a drawing of a man with an albatross hanging around his neck, identical to one received by her father just before his brutal murder ten years before. holmes deduces that the note is a warning and rushes to find lloyd brandon. he is too late, as lloyd has been murdered by being strangled and having his skull crushed. holmes, disguised as a music-hall entertainer, attends a garden party, where he correctly believes an attempt will be made on ann's life. hearing her cries from a nearby park, he captures her assailant, who turns out to be gabriel mateo, out for revenge on the brandons for the murder of his father by ann's father in a dispute over ownership of their south american mine. his murder weapon was a bolas. mateo also reveals that it was moriarty who urged him to seek revenge. holmes realises that moriarty is using the case as a distraction from his real crime, a crime that will stir the british empire: an attempt to steal the crown jewels. holmes rushes to the tower of london, where, during a struggle, moriarty falls, presumably to his death. in the end, ann is married and holmes tries to shoo a fly by playing his violin, only to have watson swat it with his newspaper remarking, "elementary, my dear holmes, elementary."[3]
corpus document1490
all women have secrets
three young couples, all having financial struggles, decide to risk getting married. joe tucker and new wife susie begin their new life living in a trailer. slats warwick is in a continuous quarrel with bride jennifer, whose allowance from her parents is keeping them afloat. the couple having the hardest time is john and kay gregory, a pre-med student whose studies barely give him time to juggle part-time jobs and a singer who finds work in a nightclub, but hasn't yet broken the news to her husband that she's expecting a baby.
corpus document1491
allegheny uprising
in the southwestern pennsylvania region, of colonial america, in the 1760s, colonial distaste and disapproval of the british government is starting to surface. many local colonists have been killed by native americans, who are armed with rifles supplied by white traders. local adventurer, james smith (john wayne) and his followers complain to british officials, pressuring them to make it illegal to trade weapons to the indians. trader ralph callender (brian donlevy) and other businessmen are not happy with the new law, as it cuts into their profit. they continue to trade with the local native american population, hiding rifles and rum inside military supply trains. when the british authorities fail to do anything to prevent this, james smith organizes his men and heads out to intercept the wagon train. smith's spirited and bold girlfriend, janie mcdougall (claire trevor), assists him and his men in posing as indians to intercept the gun shipments. captain swanson, a british army officer, is sent to protect the wagon train at all costs, following a complaint lodged by callender, that smith and his men intend to rob the wagon train, while neglecting to state that the train contains guns and liquor. captain swanson considers the involvement of smith and his men as a revolt against his authority, and in retaliation, he jails more than half of the local colonists, holding them without trial. this sets smith and swanson on a collision course.
corpus document1492
almost a gentleman
after his new wife's family convinces her to leave him, attorney dan preston leaves his law practice and sets off to travel around the country as a vagabond. when he returns home he finds his house rented by a novelist, shirley haddon. he adopts a mongrel dog, picardy max, and sets out to avenge himself against his ex-wife's family by entering max into dog shows to compete against their pedigreed animals. preston also begins a romantic relationship with haddon. robert mabrey, preston's ex-brother-in-law, takes great stock in his dog winning the competition, and when he learns that max is quite impressive in his training, he begins to get a bit concerned. when a local bully is killed by a wild animal, mabrey sees an opportunity to rid himself of the competition, and blames the attack on max. faced with the impending execution of the dog, preston resumes his legal robes and defends the dog in court. during the hearing it is discovered that the man was killed by an escaped wildcat from a visiting circus, and max is vindicated. when marian mabrey, preston's ex-wife, is kidnapped, max tracks the culprits down and she is saved by preston and max. preston and robert mabrey reconcile, and preston and haddon begin a life together.
corpus document1493
ambush
charlie hartman is part of a gang bossed by a criminal named gibbs that pulls off a daring robbery in broad daylight. charlie's honest sister jane ends up being taken hostage but manages to convey her dire need for help to a truck driver, tony andrews. tony attempts to help save jane and, if possible, her brother as well. pretending to help gibbs and the thieves, he leaves clues for the police to follow. one of the crooks, blue, is killed, after which another, randall, attempts to escape after charlie's guilty conscience causes a change of heart. tony is able to free jane from the clutches of gibbs, after which he and jane collect the reward and begin to plan a new life together.
corpus document1494
andy hardy gets spring fever
andy hardy (mickey rooney) is upset that his girlfriend, polly benedict (ann rutherford), had fallen for ensign charles copley (robert kent). soon, andy develops a crush on his drama teacher. after andy's play is chosen for the school's annual production, he seizes the opportunity to spend time with his spring time crush. andy's dad, judge hardy (lewis stone), knows that his son is destined for heartache, but he decides to let andy find out for himself how young love can be.
corpus document1495
the angels wash their faces
gabe ryan (frankie thomas) is released from reform school and it taken to a new house by his sister joy (ann sheridan) to start a new life where no one knows of his past. however, gabe immediately joins a local gang, the beale street termites, where he meets up with william kroner (bernard nedell), a local gangster. william accuses him of starting a fire at one of his properties, and alfred martino (eduardo ciannelli), the actual arsonist, uses this opportunity to frame gabe for any fire. he decides to torch one of his apartment complexes so that he can collect the insurance money. unfortunately, one of the kids, sleepy (bernard punsly) is killed in the fire. patrick remson (ronald reagan), the assistant district attorney, tries to prove gabe's innocence. his motives are not only to prove gabe's innocence, but also to get closer to his sister. joy has devoted her life to helping gabe and neglects her other interests, which was rallying against city government corruption, which pleases martino. however, it is all for naught as gabe is found guilty and sentenced to prison. the other boys, led by billy (billy halop), decide to do something to help gabe. billy runs for "boy mayor" and wins. he has kroner arrested for a small infraction and sends him to jail. while there, billy and the rest of the gang interrogate him and try to make him admit that gabe is innocent. he does not cave in, that is until he is shown proof that his accomplices, martino and the fire chief, are planning to skip the country. he confesses and martino and the chief are arrested and sent to prison.
corpus document1496
another thin man
in this adaptation of dashiell hammett's "the farewell murder",[3] nick (william powell) and nora (myrna loy) charles are back in new york with asta and a new arrival - nicky jr. they are invited by colonel burr macfay (c. aubrey smith) to spend the weekend at his house on long island. mcfay, the former business partner of nora's father, and the administrator of her fortune, desperately wants nick to put his well-known detective skills to work, as he has been receiving threats from phil church (sheldon leonard), a very shady character. when macfay is killed, church seems to be the obvious suspect. however, nick is skeptical. he suspects there is something far more complicated going on. macfay's housekeeper, his adopted daughter, and various hangers-on all may have had an interest in seeking the old man's demise.
corpus document1497
the arizona kid
roy and gabby are confederate scouts in missouri during the american civil war. val mcbride is a confederate guerilla officer, who doesn’t play by the rules. when roy first rides into town, he encounters an old childhood friend, dave allen. dave tells roy that he has joined mcbride’s guerilla force and roy is not pleased. he tells dave that mcbride is not a man to be admired but dave doesn’t listen. mcbride arrives at the saloon where dave and roy are talking and roy and mcbride nearly end up in a fight. the arrival of union scouts prevents the fight as mcbride and his force, including dave, ride away. shortly afterwards, mcbride is told by his superior confederate officer that he must play by the rules or be stripped of his command. mcbride, furious that his effective (if crude and ungentlemanly) fighting is being scorned, leaves the confederates and continues to fight both sides on his own. roy and gabby are soon assigned to tracking down and killing mcbride and his men. during a brief pause in their search, roy, gabby, and the men they have recruited agree to take a small shipment of gold through to another confederate officer. en route, mcbride attacks. gabby is hurt, though not seriously, while roy is nearly killed. dave (still one of mcbride’s men) hangs back and helps gabby get roy to a nearby cabin for help. then he leaves to rejoin mcbride. roy and gabby set out to resume their search a few months later. after a long and dangerous search, roy and gabby find and corner mcbride’s men including dave, but mcbride escapes. while gabby takes care of business, roy chases mcbride to a local saloon and boarding house where the matron hides mcbride and refuses to tell roy where he is. mcbride comes out and takes a shot at roy but misses and roy returns fire, killing mcbride.
corpus document1498
arizona legion
boone yeager has sold his ranch and cattle, and now spends his days drinking, gambling, and hanging around a gang of very disreputable individuals. his fiancé, letty meade, is distraught over his sudden change in behavior and breaks off their engagement. in addition, his longtime friend bob ives, a lieutenant in the local army troop, also severs his relationship with yeager in response to yeager's recent activities. however, it is revealed that letty's father, judge meade, has empowered yeager to infiltrate the local gang and hunt down its leader, while at the same time organizing the arizona rangers. yeager gets in good with the gang, but cannot get them to reveal who their leader is. finally, he participates in a stagecoach hold-up with the gang, along with his friend, whooper hatch. however, during the hold-up yeager, hatch, and two of the gang members are captured and thrown in jail. while behind bars, yeager finally learns the true identity of the gang leader, who happens to be the local commissioner, teagle. yeager gets a meeting with his old friend, ives, who he tries to tell the truth to, but ives refuses to believe his story. even worse, after leaving the meeting, ives blows yeager's cover to teagle. yeager and hatch manage to escape, and they round up the arizona rangers and go after the gang. when the local cavalry arrive, the gang is routed, and all are arrested, as well as recovering all the money the gang had stolen. letty and boone are reunited, and she once again accepts his engagement ring.
corpus document1499
the arizona wildcat
the orphaned mary jane patterson (jane withers) is under the guardianship of manuel hernandez (leo carrillo), once known as the bandit el gato, who led a gang of outlaws. mary jane wants hernandez to revive the el gato gang to rescue the feckless donald (william "bill" henry), the lone survivor of a stage coach robbery engineered by the town's crooked sheriff (henry wilcoxon). it's been a decade since el gato rode, and hernandez is now too fat for his bandit costume. mary jane aids the rescue by vandalizing the saddles of the sheriff and his posse. when el gato does rescue donald, he is arrested. during the ensuing trial, mary jane provides special pyrotechnics, and the courtroom is evacuated. when mary jane finds the stash from the stagecoach robbery hidden in the sheriff's office, hernandez is appointed as the new sheriff.[1][2]
corpus document1500
arrest bulldog drummond
bulldog (john howard) and algy (reginald denny), in the midst of preparations for the former's wedding in london, are summoned to more important matters at the house of an eccentric scientist who has invented a prototype electric "death-ray" device which has the potential to revolutionize warfare. they find the scientist murdered in mysterious circumstances upon their arrival, and set out to find out what is going on and the culprit, aka the stinger - leading to trouble with scotland yard, a dock-yard knife-fight which puts the bulldog on the missing-in-action list temporarily, and a trip to the tropics to foil a master criminal's attempt to sell the secret weapon to a foreign power for the highest price. phyllis clavering (heather angel), drummond's fiancée, goes on a cruise with her aunt meg (zeffie tilbury) to the tropics, where she brings drummond to the crooks, lady beryl ledyard (jean fenwick) and rolf alferson (george zucco).
corpus document1501
at the circus
goliath, the circus strongman (nat pendleton) and the midget, little professor atom (jerry maren), are accomplices of bad guy john carter (james burke) who is trying to take over the wilson wonder circus. julie randall (florence rice) performs a horse act in the circus. in the animal car on the circus train, goliath and atom knock out julie's boyfriend, jeff wilson (kenny baker), and steal $10,000, which jeff owes carter. jeff's friend and circus employee, tony (chico), summons attorney j. cheever loophole (groucho) to handle the situation. loophole caves in when he sees the muscular goliath, and gets nowhere with little professor atom. in order to help wilson, he first tries to get the hidden money from carter's moll, peerless pauline (eve arden), but fails. tony and punchy search goliath's stateroom on the circus train for the money, but are unsuccessful. loophole calls upon jeff's wealthy aunt, mrs. dukesbury (margaret dumont), and tricks her into paying $10,000 for the wilson wonder circus to entertain the newport 400, instead of a performance by french conductor jardinet (fritz feld), and his symphony orchestra. the audience is delighted with the circus; when jardinet arrives, loophole, who also delayed the frenchman by implicating him in a dope ring, disposes of the conductor and his orchestra by having them play on a floating bandstand down at the water's edge. tony and punchy (harpo) cut the mooring rope while the orchestra plays the prelude to act three of wagner's lohengrin, meanwhile, carter and his henchmen try to burn down the circus, but are thwarted by loophole, tony, and punchy, along with the only witness to the robbery: gibraltar the gorilla (charles gemora), who also retrieves wilson's money.
corpus document1502
babes in arms
in 1921 vaudeville performer joe moran (charles winninger) announces the birth of a son; but after the advent of talking pictures in 1928, vaudeville fails. his son mickey moran (mickey rooney) writes songs, and patsy barton (judy garland) sings "good morning." mickey sells the song for $100. he gives patsy his pin and kisses her. mickey learns that his parents joe and florrie (grace hayes) are going on the road without the children, and he disagrees. patsy and molly moran (betty jaynes) sing "you are my lucky star" and "broadway rhythm," but joe says no to their going. so mickey proposes the kids put on a show, and don brice (douglas mcphail) sings "babes in arms" as they march and make a bonfire. joe dismisses mickey. martha steele (margaret hamilton) and her nephew jeff steele (rand brooks) from military school complain to judge black (guy kibbee) about the vaudeville kids, but he won't take them from their homes. in a drugstore mickey and patsy meet movie star baby rosalie essex (june preisser), but mickey gets in a fight with jeff. mickey tells judge black that his parents' show flopped. the judge gives mickey thirty days to pay damages. don and molly sing "where or when" with an orchestra of children. mickey has a date with baby and dines in her house. mickey wants baby in the show, which needs $287. she offers to pay it. mickey smokes a cigar and leaves sick. mickey tells patsy that baby has to play the lead because of the money. baby shows how limber she is. mickey directs rehearsal with baby and don, imitating clark gable and lionel barrymore. patsy sees mickey kiss baby. mickey tries to stop patsy from leaving. on the bus patsy sings "i cried for you." patsy goes to a theater to see her mother (ann shoemaker). patsy says that mickey is putting on a show to keep the kids out of an institution. patsy's mother tells patsy not to quit her show. baby's father takes her out of the show, and mickey asks patsy to go on. in the show patsy sings "daddy was a minstrel man." mickey and patsy put on blackface and sing a medley with don. patsy sings "i'm just wild about harry," but a storm drives the audience away. mickey learns that his father quit theater and got an elevator job. mrs. steele says the children must report and gives joe the paper. mickey gets a letter from producer maddox (henry hull), who liked the show and produces it. as hidden mickey listens, maddox asks bitter joe to teach the youngsters in the show. mickey introduces the show by singing "god's country," which the company contrasts to fascism. mickey and patsy satirize franklin and eleanor roosevelt, and then everybody dances and finishes with a chorus of "god's country."
corpus document1503
bachelor mother
polly parrish (ginger rogers) is a salesgirl at the department store john b. merlin and son in new york city. hired as temporary help for the christmas season, she receives her dismissal notice as the season comes to a close. during her lunch break, she sees a stranger leaving a baby on the steps of an orphanage. fearing the baby will roll down the steps, polly picks it up. an attendant opens the door and mistakenly believes that polly is the baby's mother. david merlin (david niven), the playboy son of the store's owner j.b. merlin (charles coburn), is sympathetic to the "unwed mother" and arranges for her to get her job back. mrs. weiss (ferike boros), polly's landlady, offers to take care of the boy when polly is at work. unable to convince anyone that she is not the mother, and threatened by david with loss of her job if she doesn't assume that role, polly gives up and starts raising the child. david's involvement with polly gradually turns into love, but he keeps the relationship a secret from his father, fearing his reaction. when he finds that new year's eve has arrived and he has no date, david turns to polly. he orders clothes to be sent from the store and takes her to a party. although david is falling for polly, he does not relish the idea of a "ready-made family". when j.b. learns about the child, he assumes that david is the father. his suspicions are reinforced when, in a bit of bad timing, polly and david each produce a different man whom they claim is the father. to his son's surprise, j.b. is delighted (he had been impatiently waiting for david to settle down and provide him with a grandson). in the end, david decides that he is in love with polly and baby john. he tells his father that he is the father of the child and plans to marry polly, all the while believing polly is the child's mother.[3]
corpus document1504
back door to heaven
the story revolves around a delinquent boy later to become a convict, the relationship he has throughout his life with his school colleagues and teacher, and how his calm demeanour no matter what life throws at him, leaves a lasting impression upon them. frankie is an impoverished child of a kindly mother and an alcoholic father who spends what little income the family receives on drink. he is about to graduate from school and his family cannot afford to clothe him on this occasion. his teacher, miss williams, asks him to participate with the class in a performance in front of the school inspector. while others in the class have academic prowess, he plays the harmonica for him. unfortunately the instrument is not his, as he noticed it in a shop window the previous night. he stole the harmonica along with some money, and the sheriff arrived just after the performance to interrogate him about the crime. although his teacher and the sheriff are sympathetic to frankie's situation, the severity of the crime means that he has to be sent to reform school. he gains a tough reputation there and afterwards is sent to the state penitentiary for five years for punching a prison monitor. after this time he is released as an adult with two other inmates, and they spend their first evening of freedom together. later they go with frankie back to his home town. it happens to be miss williams' birthday, and she is opening cards and presents sent by her former pupils, including frankie. although she has fond thoughts of all her students, she said to her friends that she cared for frankie as if he were her own. things have changed since frankie left the town. he returns to his family shack, to find that a black woman and her children are now living there. she tells frankie that his father had died and that his mother was taken away to an asylum a year previously. he meets miss williams and discovers that she has been pensioned off. he visits the chairman of the school board of governors, who happens to be both an old school colleague and the local bank manager. he asks him to find a position for miss williams in the new school, and agrees to consider it. the visiting trio then leave the town for cleveland. frankie meets up with another classmate carol and forms a relationship with her. upon returning to his digs, he finds a note from his two friends saying that they intended to rob an ice cream parlour at a given time. he races to the scene in order to prevent the crime, but arrives just as they kill the proprietor. he is implicated in and arrested for the crime. during the trial, frankie is defended by another classmate, john shelley (van heflin). while inexperienced as a lawyer, he delivers a powerful oration to the jury. despite this, the jury finds him guilty, and he awaits execution. at the same time, the bank manager has organized a class reunion in the old schoolhouse. frankie escapes from jail and manages to attend the reunion for a few moments. his parting message to his teacher and classmates is to never hate anyone, as he had abandoned any hatred for people while he was in jail. after he leaves the building, the sound of gunfire affirms that the police have caught up with him.
corpus document1505
bad lands
in 1875, a posse headed by sheriff sheriff bill cummings (robert barrat) is held at bay by apache warriors. the posse members are decimated one by one, until only the sheriff is left.
corpus document1506
balalaika
in 1914 tsarist russia, prince peter karagin (nelson eddy) is a captain of the cossack guards, riding home from manoeuvres to an evening of wine, women and song at st. petersburg's cafe balalaika. the balalaika's new star, lydia pavlovna marakova (ilona massey), is blackmailed into attending the officers' party and is expected to choose a "favoured one." she intrigues karagin when she makes good her escape instead. masquerading as a poor music student, karagin insinuating himself into lydia's family and circle of musician friends, unaware that they are dedicated revolutionaries. he discovers his larcenous orderly, nikki poppov (charles ruggles), courting the marakovs' maid, masha (joyce compton). karagin then bullies ivan danchenoff (frank morgan), director of the imperial opera, into giving lydia an audition; danchenoff is pleasantly surprised to find that (unlike the 60 other women foisted on him by other aristocrats) she has real talent. later, karagin orders his usual arrangements for seduction, but falls in love instead and tries to cancel them. she understands both his former and current motives, and admits she loves him too. their happiness ends when lydia's brother dimitri (dalies frantz) is killed after giving a seditious speech on the street by cossacks led by peter, whom lydia recognizes. when she learns that her opera debut will be used as an opportunity to assassinate peter and his father the general (c. aubrey smith), she makes peter promise not to come or let his father come to the performance, pretending she would be too nervous with them watching. the two men attend anyway. fortunately, general karagin receives a message that germany has declared war on russia and announces it to the crowd. professor makarov (lionel atwill), lydia's father, decides not to shoot because the general will be needed to defend mother russia. however, leo proplinski (abner biberman) feels otherwise, grabs the pistol and shoots the general, though not fatally. peter finally learns of lydia's political beliefs when she is arrested. later, he has her released. peter goes to fight as an officer in the trenches. when the russian revolution overthrows the old regime, he winds up in 1920s paris employed by his former orderly as a cabaret entertainer at the new "balalaika". to celebrate the russian orthodox new year, white russians, wearing court dress and paste jewels, gather as poppov's guests. when poppov makes peter stand before a mirror, candle in hand, to make the traditional new year's wish to see his "true love," lydia appears behind him.
corpus document1507
barricade
a singer named emmy (faye) meets broken-down journalist hank topping (baxter) while travelling across mongolia by train. a romance sparks, but is soon interrupted by a fierce group of murderous bandits. fleeing, emmy and hank team up with others, eventually culminating in a fierce shootout with the marauders. a youngster of ten years, the emmy and hank team seek safety in a small fort or an antiquated country home located on barren lands. as the bandits approach, they hide in a basement level, protected only by a floorboard cover. as the bandits enter the building, the baby of emmy and hank begins to cry, thereby revealing the location of the couple and their team. as the bandits begin to chop their way through the floorboards, a rescue squad on motorcycles speeds over a nearby hill towards the building, then succeeding to rescue those trapped below the floor.
corpus document1508
beau geste
french foreign legionnaires approach an isolated fort in the desert. the french flag is flying, but a closer inspection reveals only dead men propped up behind the parapets. however a single shot is fired from inside, so the bugler volunteers to scale the wall to investigate. after waiting a while, the commander follows. he finds two bodies that are not staged like the rest and a note on one confessing to the theft of a valuable sapphire called the "blue water". after the officer rejoins his men outside, the fort goes up in flames. fifteen years earlier, lady brandon (heather thatcher), wife of absent spendthrift sir hector brandon, takes care of the three adopted geste brothers, "beau" (gary cooper), digby (robert preston) and john (ray milland); her ward isobel rivers (susan hayward); and heir augustus brandon. years pass, and the children become young adults. they learn that sir hector intends to sell the "blue water", leaving nothing of value for lady brandon. at beau's request, the gem is brought out for one last look when suddenly the lights go out and it is stolen. all present proclaim their innocence, but first beau and then digby depart without warning, each leaving a confession that he committed the robbery. john reluctantly parts from his beloved isobel and goes after his brothers. john discovers that they have joined the french foreign legion, so he enlists as well. they are trained by the sadistic sergeant markoff (brian donlevy). legionnaire rasinoff (j. carrol naish) overhears joking remarks by the geste brothers, leading him and markoff to believe that beau has the gem. markoff separates the brothers. beau and john are assigned to a detachment sent to man isolated fort zinderneuf. when lieutenant martin dies from a fever, markoff assumes command. fearing the sergeant's now-unchecked brutality, schwartz (albert dekker) incites the other men to mutiny the next morning; only beau, john, and maris (stanley andrews) refuse to take part. however, markoff is tipped off by voisin (harold huber) and disarms the would-be mutineers while they are sleeping. the next morning, markoff orders beau and john to execute the ringleaders, but they refuse. before markoff can react, the fort is attacked by arabs, forcing him to rearm his men. the initial assault is beaten off, but each new attack takes its toll. markoff props up the corpses at their posts to deceive the enemy. the final assault is repulsed, but beau is shot, leaving markoff and john the only men left standing. markoff sends john to get bread and wine. he then searches beau and finds a small pouch and two letters. when john sees what markoff has done, he draws his bayonet, giving markoff the excuse to shoot the only witness to his theft. however, beau is not yet dead and manages to spoil markoff's aim, allowing john to stab him. john and beau hear a bugle announcing the arrival of reinforcements, digby among them. beau dies in his brother's arms after telling him to take one of the letters to lady brandon and leave the other, a confession of the robbery, in markoff's hand. john escapes unseen. digby volunteers to find out why there is no response from the fort. he discovers beau's body and, remembering his childhood wish, gives him a viking funeral. he places beau on a cot, with a "dog" (markoff) at his feet, and sets fire to the barracks. then he too deserts. he finds john outside the fort. later, they encounter two american legionnaire friends (broderick crawford and charles barton) and begin the long journey home. desperate for water, they find an oasis, but it is occupied by arabs. digby tricks them into fleeing by sounding a bugle to signal a charge by non-existent legionnaires, but is killed by a parting shot. john returns home. lady brandon reads aloud beau's letter, which reveals that he stole the gem because he knew it was a fake. lady brandon had sold the real one years before, and beau wanted to protect her. as a child, he was hiding in a suit of armor and witnessed the transaction.
corpus document1509
the big guy
a prison warden (victor mclaglen) can either keep loot for his family or save an innocent youth (jackie cooper) condemned to die.
corpus document1510
big town czar
new york city newspaper columnist ed sullivan relates the story of crime boss phil daley's rise and fall. to the disappointment of his parents but delight of younger brother danny, crime has paid off handsomely for phil, but he isn't able to discourage danny from following in his footsteps. danny bribes a prizefighter to take a dive, costing rival gangster mike luger a lot of money in bets. danny ends up dead, and phil needs to lay low because luger's looking for him, too. he manages to kill luger, but ends up arrested, convicted and sentenced to die.
corpus document1511
blackmail
john ingram is a very successful oil-field firefighter and a family man. all is going so well, he's even bought his own oil well in hope of striking it rich. his greatest fears are realized, however, when a man, william ramey, from his secret past sees ingram in a newsreel and shows up looking for a job. ramey attempts to blackmail ingram, who had run from a chain gang years ago and started a new life under an assumed name. after a shady deal is made, ingram is tricked and ramey turns him into authorities, who return him to a chain gang. ramey subsequently becomes a very rich man. when ingram finds out about the success of the man who betrayed him, he plans a daring escape in an attempt to return home and get revenge.
corpus document1512
blind alley
chester morris plays a prison escapee who hides out with his gang in the home of a noted psychologist, played by ralph bellamy. though a prisoner, the doctor begins delving into his captor's psyche. the film was adapted from the broadway play of the same name by james warwick. it was remade as the dark past, with william holden in the morris role and lee j. cobb in bellamy's.
corpus document1513
blondie meets the boss
the film centers on blondie (penny singleton) taking over at dagwood's (arthur lake) office while he is off on a fishing trip.
corpus document1514
blue montana skies
while driving a herd of cattle in northern montana, cowboys gene autry (gene autry), frog millhouse (smiley burnette), and steve (tully marshall) cross the border into canada. riding alone, steve stumbles upon a convoy of fur smugglers who stab him and leave him to die in the woods. before dying, he manages to scrawl the initials "hh". after discovering the body of their murdered friend and his final cryptic clue, gene and frog ride to the nearby hh ranch, which is owned by dorothy hamilton (june storey) and her partner, hendricks (harry woods). unknown to dorothy, hendricks is the head of the fur smuggling ring. suspicious of hendricks, gene and frog stampede their cattle into the hh herd as an excuse to spend time at the ranch and investigate. soon they discover that the furs are being smuggled into a storehouse on the ranch and then shipped out of the country. while preparing to escort another shipment of pelts, the smugglers discover gene and frog in the storeroom and, deciding to use gene as a cover for their illegal activities, hijack him and his wagon. after the smugglers leave, frog escapes from the storeroom and organizes a rescue party to search for gene and his captors. as the smugglers hold up another warehouse of furs, gene escapes and tries to prevent the robbery, but is shot in the arm. he manages to sound the alarm and then follows after the smugglers by dogsled. after catching up to the thieves, gene sees them loading the furs into hendricks' car. gene causes a daring avalanche that traps the smugglers and exacts justice for the murder of his friend.
corpus document1515
boy slaves
runaway boy jesse thompson, hoping to earn enough money to support his mother, follows a gang of other boys. after an infraction gets them all in trouble, they are forced to work in a fenced and guarded turpentine camp, climbing and tapping trees. they are free to leave only if they can first pay off bills they ran up at the company store (peonage). trapped in a state of de facto slavery, they decide to strike for better food after one boy gets dizzy from hunger and falls from a tree, resulting in the amputation of his arm. when their protest fails, the boys decide to write a letter about the conditions of their detention to the u.s. president's wife, but it is intercepted. the boys believe one of their number is a "snitch", but later discover differently.
corpus document1516
boy trouble
in the story, sybil fitch (boland) adopts two orphan boys (o'connor, lee). her husband (ruggles) is infuriated. however, when the boys catch scarlet fever, he finds that he really does love them.
corpus document1517
boys' reformatory
seventeen-year-old tommy ryan lives with mrs. o‘meara, a seamstress, and her teenage son eddie. tommy’s exact status is unclear; mrs. o’meara’s says he is a friend of her son eddie and “stays here with us and a finer lad never trod the green earth.” tommy works in a grocery store and more than pulls his weight around the o’meara home, but his foster brother eddie is unemployed and hanging around a pool hall with a gang of teenage thieves led by mike hearn, the pool hall owner. hearn promises teenage ‘knuckles’ malone $50 to steal a fur coat from a warehouse and sends eddie o’meara along to drive the getaway car. when the heist is thwarted and knuckles nabbed by the police, eddie escapes with the stolen goods and returns home. tommy tries to repair the damage and keep the incident from mrs. o’meara by dumping the car and the furs outside of town. he is picked up by the police. in court, tommy takes the rap in order to spare mrs. o’meara the grief of seeing her son implicated in the crime. tommy and knuckles are sentenced to the state industrial school for three years. when alone for a moment with eddie, tommy urges him to take good care of his mother. at the state school, tommy remains true to himself. he is honest, hard working, and well mannered. dr. owens, once a reform school inmate himself but now a morally upright professional man, takes an interest in the boy and urges him to plan for life after prison. he has tommy removed from the crew at the school’s farm to work in his office. one day, tommy discovers eddie o’meara is an inmate in the reformatory. eddie dropped out of hearn’s gang of thieves and found a job in order to take care of his mother, but hearn feared eddie would squeal to the police about the gang’s past. hearn decided to get the boy out of his way by staging a robbery at the gas station where the boy worked and then framing him. hearn now fears that tommy, eddie, and knuckles will now “squawk” and realizes his operation is still in jeopardy. he decides to “spring” the three boys from prison and to silence them once he has them in his clutches. tommy is reluctant to participate in the escape but when he learns that hearn threats to rough up mrs. o’meara he has no choice but to escape and protect her. the escape plan is foiled, but later, tommy and knuckles manage to escape at gunpoint. at the pool hall, tommy convinces hearn he is on his side. a heist is planned. tommy secretly makes plans to meet dr. owens at the site of the heist to apprehend hearn and his gang. hearn and his men are taken into custody after a car chase. with dr. owens assistance, tommy and eddie are paroled and restored to mrs. o’meara.
corpus document1518
bridal suite
a wealthy and spoiled young playboy finds the importance of hard work and true love in a swiss chalet.
corpus document1519
the bronze buckaroo
cowboy bob blake receives a letter from his friend joe jackson, asking for help. blake and his men travel to jackson's ranch, only to discover from jackson's sister betty that joe has been missing for three weeks. meanwhile, jackson's ranch hand (slim perkins) is learning to use ventriloquism to make the farm animals talk, and tries to convince the gullible dusty to buy a talking mule. blake discovers that jackson is being held by a local land grabbing rancher, buck thorne, who (with his partner pete) has discovered gold on jackson's ranch. they killed joe's and betty's father, and are trying to force joe to deed the land over to thorne. blake develops a plan to rescue jackson from where he is being held above the saloon, but runs into trouble. betty sends blake's men into the saloon as backup and is kidnapped by thorne, who then threatens to kill betty and joe if they do not sign the deed. while dusty rides for the sheriff, blake and his men backtrack betty's horse (who arrived home riderless). a gun battle ensues, with the sheriff arriving in the nick of time. the villains are hauled off to jail, and blake rides into the sunset with betty.
corpus document1520
buck rogers
in 1938, lieutenant buck rogers (buster crabbe) and buddy wade (jackie moran) are part of the crew of a dirigible flying over the north pole. they are caught in a savage storm and crash. they are ordered to release the experimental nirvano gas, which (unbeknownst to them) will put them in suspended animation until they are rescued. the nirvano gas works, but the dirigible is buried in an avalanche and is not found until 500 years have passed. when buck and buddy are found, they awaken in the year 2440 to a world ruled by the ruthless dictator, killer kane (anthony warde), and his army of "super-racketeers". only those who live in the "hidden city", run by the benevolent scientist dr. huer (c. montague shaw) and his military counterpart, air marshal kragg (william gould), resist the criminal rulers of earth. buck and buddy join the resistance. they volunteer to go to saturn, where they hope that they can find help in their fight against kane. wilma deering (constance moore) is assigned to accompany them. saturn is run by aldar (guy usher) and the council of the wise and prince tallen. to the dismay of buck and buddy, they also discover that kane has dispatched ambassadors of his own, headed by his loyal henchman, captain laska (henry brandon). the serial then becomes a back-and-forth struggle between buck and kane to secure the military support of saturn.
corpus document1521
bulldog drummond's bride
in london, a shape charge-wielding master criminal comes up with a foolproof plan for robbing a bank and outwitting scotland yard's pursuit, but during the getaway he hides his haul in a radio set in the new flat of capt. bulldog drummond (john howard) and his to-be wife phyllis clavering (heather angel), leading to a murder, punch-ups, an expedition to france, a night in a french jail cell and a break-out, in a race to reach bulldog's fiancee. phyllis is waiting for drummond in a french village with her aunt blanche clavering (elizabeth patterson (actress)), to be married the next day. she has sent a telegram, asking him to send her the radio, both unaware of its content. the villains meet their end in a roof-top fight and bulldog finally ties the matrimonial knot in an explosive finale to his bachelorhood.
corpus document1522
bulldog drummond's secret police
an absent-minded professor downie (forrester harvey) makes a call upon capt. hugh "bulldog" drummond (john howard) as he is making plans for his much-delayed wedding to fiancee phyllis claverling (heather angel) in his ancestral home temple tower. the professor informs drummond that a fortune was buried in one of the walled off storerooms underneath his estate, and that downie was in possession of a book written in code that would lead them to discover the treasure. unfortunately for the professor, someone else also wanted the riches and drummond once again is dragged into the plot as the code book is stolen, professor downie is murdered, and phyllis is kidnapped.
corpus document1523
cafe society
the wealthy christopher "chris" west is a member of the cafe society. to win a bet, she marries reporter crick o'bannon, who believes chris married him for love. when crick overhears chris telling one of her friends about the bet, he decides to get even by writing a story about her betrayal. in response, chris's grandfather, christopher west sr, apologizes for his granddaughter's behavior and requests that the couple live together until the divorce is quietly finalized in order to avoid a scandal. because he dislikes chris' society friends, crick refuses and lives apart from her. while still married, chris and crick constantly argue. when she notices that crick is close to nightclub singer bells browne, chris becomes jealous but resigned that crick prefers bells. she decides to sail for europe, but is surprised when crick appears on the ship, having been alerted to chris's departure by her grandfather. crick explains that bells is only a friend and chris returns to shore with him. however, chris's jealousy resurfaces upon seeing bells singing at the club that night and she persuades the club's owner to fire bells. when the bartender, bill, calls chris out on her brash behavior, a contrite chris asks that bells be rehired and admits to crick that she has been an awful fool.
corpus document1524
call a messenger
jimmy hogan and his gang are caught robbing a post office. jimmy is given a choice to either go to reform school or work as a messenger boy for the post office as punishment. jimmy decides to be a messenger boy, and soon drags his pals into the job. the kids eventually enjoy their jobs, especially when their new boss, frances o'neill, turns out to be quite attractive. after becoming friends with fellow messenger boy bob prichard, jimmy decides to hook bob up with his sister, marge. he feels that bob is a much better match for marge then a local gangster who has been spending too much time with her. pretty soon, jimmy's brother ed returns home from prison. at first, jimmy is glad to have his brother back home, but pretty soon, he and ed get mixed up with some gangsters who plan on robbing the post office.
corpus document1525
calling all curs
the stooges are skilled veterinarians at a pet hospital who are the proud surgeons of garçon, a prized poodle of socialite mrs. bedford (isabelle lamal). they successfully remove a thorn from his paw. dognappers posing as reporters (lynton brent, cy schindell) dognap garçon. before the kidnapping crime is discovered, the trio attempts to enjoy a dinner of bones and dog biscuits at a long table with all the other dogs who are patients at the hospital. it's during the meal that a nurse discovers garçon is missing. the boys frantically try to trick mrs. bedford by disguising a mutt as garçon. however, when mrs. bedford's maid (libby taylor), who is frightened of dogs, accidentally vacuums a clump of glued-on fur off the mutt's shaggy coat, mrs. bedford threatens to throw the stooges in jail. desperate, the trio use the mutt as a bloodhound to track down the crooks. when they discover the enemies' hideout, a big fight ensues. larry and moe get knocked out, but then curly defeats both crooks. the boys hear garçon quietly barking from inside a closet, only to discover that the prized poodle has had a litter of pups.
corpus document1526
calling dr. kildare
dr. leonard gillespie, the crusty senior diagnostician at new york's blair general hospital, has a severe disagreement with pupil, intern james kildare, over a suspected case of q fever. he decides to teach his stubborn assistant a lesson in dealing with the emotional causes of his patients' ills as well as the physical. to accomplish this, he fires kildare and has him reassigned to work in a neighborhood dispensary with nurse mary lamont, whom he enlists with the aid of head nurse molly byrd to "stooge" on the intern. on the day that kildare begins his new job, young red enters the dispensary and confidentially asks the intern to help an injured friend, nick lewett. he follows red to a cellar hideout where he discovers that nick is suffering from a gunshot wound. kildare is on the verge of sending nick on to blair when nick's sister rosalie convinces him not to do so. against hospital procedure and the law requiring reporting of all gunshots to the police, kildare continues to treat nick in the hideout, even after he knows that the boy is wanted for the murder of bookmaker "footsy" garson over a gambling debt. smitten with rosalie, he tells mary he knows that she's been reporting back to gillespie on his activities. despite mary's resistance, gillespie uses her obvious admiration for kildare to persuade her to tell him what kildare is up to, and tries to warn the intern that he is flirting with being an accessory to murder. he tries to persuade kildare to at least reveal nick's whereabouts, but kildare is sure of nick's innocence and refuses to do so. a worried gillespie arranges with kildare's mother to call him home to help his physician father with a difficult patient, but when the intern returns, he is picked up by the police along with nick. for his involvement, kildare is yet again suspended from the hospital staff but remains determined to prove nick's innocence. learning from nick that he went to see garson after his friend tom crandell accused garson of maligning rosalie, kildare decides to confront crandell. with the help of ambulance driver joe wayman and his persuasive monkey wrench, kildare compels crandell into confessing that he killed garson and shot nick, suspicious of his relationship with rosalie, to frame him. after nick is exonerated, gillespie visits rosalie and deduces that she was crandell's girl friend. he steers her into admitting to kildare that her only interest in him was to save her brother, and later confesses to kildare that he arranged for nick's arrest but that kildare almost ruined the plan by returning from home. a little wiser, kildare resumes as dr. gillespie's assistant and begins to look at nurse lamont in a better light.
corpus document1527
captain fury
in the 1840s, captain michael fury (brian aherne) is an irish patriot transported to new south wales for his political involvement. he is farmed out as an servant to arnold trist, a cruel land owner who uses whipping to keep discipline. he is accompanied by fellow convicts blackie, coughy and bertie. fury escapes from prison and meets jeannette dupre, the daughter of strict mennonite francois dupre. fury discovers that trist is trying to drive settlers from the area to take over their land. fury organises the settlers to take action against trist. he returns to prison to recruit convicts to help settlers. trist's men attack the bailey ranch. fury, helped by blackie, coughy and bertie, oppose them. jeanette begins to fall in love with fury. her father forbids her to see him, so she runs away. dupre then tells trist where fury can be found. trist double crosses dupre and imprisons him. fury and his men narrowly escape an ambush from trist's men. dupre's house is burnt down and a charred body is discovered in the ruins. fury is arrested for dupre's murder and sentenced to hang. however blackie hears dupre calling from his cell, rescues him and presents him to the governor. trist is exposed. he attempts to escape but is shot by a dying coughy. the governor grands fury a pardon and places blackie and bertie in his custody.[2]
corpus document1528
the cat and the canary
cyrus norman was a millionaire who lived in the louisiana bayous with his mistress miss lu (gale sondergaard). norman died ten years previous, and now an american indian man (george regas) paddles the executor of norman's estate, mr. crosby (george zucco), through alligator-infested waters to norman's isolated mansion, where his will is to be read at midnight. at the mansion, crosby meets miss lu, who lives there with a large black cat. when he removes the will from a safe, he discovers that someone has tampered with it. crosby and miss lu are joined by norman's survivors: joyce norman (paulette goddard), fred blythe (john beal), charles wilder (douglass montgomery), cicily (nydia westman), aunt susan (elizabeth patterson), and wally campbell (bob hope). as the group gathers in the parlor to read the will, an unseen gong rings seven times. according to miss lu, this means that only seven of the eight people present will survive the night. norman's will has two parts. the first indicates that joyce will inherit the entire estate, under one condition: concerned about a streak of insanity in the family's blood, norman stipulated that his heirs must remain sane for the next 30 days. if joyce loses her sanity during that time, the heir will be determined from the second part of the will. this arrangement raises concerns about joyce's safety, since other family members can increase their chances of inheriting by murdering her or driving her insane. after the reading, crosby informs everyone that they will have to stay overnight; miss lu warns them of spirits in the house; and a security guard found prowling outside claims that a murderer called "the cat" has escaped from the nearby insane asylum. in the parlor, crosby tries to warn joyce about something, but a hidden doorway opens in the wall and someone pulls him into the space behind it. joyce becomes frightened when everyone except wally believes she imagined this. amid suspicion and accusations, miss lu gives joyce a letter from norman that joyce and wally use to find a diamond necklace. joyce puts the necklace under her pillow in norman's room, but after she falls asleep, a hand reaches out from the wall, terrifies her, and takes the necklace. at this point, joyce is almost out of her mind with fear and confusion, but wally finds a movable wall panel near her bed and opens a hidden door leading to a secret passageway. crosby's dead body falls out from behind the door. to help joyce recover from her fright, wally chats with her in the parlor. when he leaves to fetch some liquor, he hears something in norman's room, opens the hidden door, and explores the passageway. meanwhile, joyce sees the door in the parlor as it opens. when wally calls to her, she hears him through the passageway and enters it to find him. once she is inside, someone closes the door. with no exit, joyce explores the passageway, walking past a dark cranny where the security guard is hiding. the cat also walks past the guard, who stops him and takes the necklace from him, but the cat stabs the guard in the back and follows joyce, who has discovered a door leading outside. after the cat chases joyce into a shed and threatens her with a knife, wally arrives and calls him "charlie", having found the second part of the will in charles's coat. charles removes his cat mask, pins wally to the wall with his knife, and begins to strangle joyce, but miss lu arrives with a shotgun and kills him. the next day, wally and joyce explain the story to newspaper reporters and unofficially announce their engagement.
corpus document1529
charlie chan at treasure island
charlie and jimmy chan are traveling by plane to san francisco. jimmy befriends insurance executive thomas gregory. charlie's friend, novelist paul essex, dies aboard the aircraft after receiving a radiogram warning him not to ignore "zodiac". his briefcase mysteriously disappears. charlie meets with deputy police chief j.j. kilvaine, and runs into reporter and old friend peter lewis. charlie also meets noted local magician fred rhadini, and discusses essex's death with the three men. rhadini tells charlie about dr. zodiac, a psychic preying on the rich in san francisco. charlie, rhadini, and lewis go to dr. zodiac's home, where dr. zodiac conducts an eerie séance. lewis' fiancée, eve cairo, has been meeting with dr. zodiac, angering lewis. later, kilvaine reveals that essex was poisoned, but can't rule out suicide. jimmy spends the afternoon following thomas gregory, whom he believes stole essex's briefcase when leaving the plane. he discovers essex's manuscript in gregory's hotel room. that night, charlie attends rhadini's magic show at the golden gate international exposition on treasure island. rhadini's clumsy, comic acquaintance, elmer kelner, is helping to serve food and drink at the club. charlie meets eve cairo and socialite bessie sibley, as well as rhadini's jealous wife, myra. during her telepathy act with fred rhadini, eve comes into contact with someone thinking about murder and charlie is almost killed when a knife is thrown at him. after the show, charlie, followed by rhadini and lewis, break into dr. zodiac's home. they find jimmy already there. charlie discovers evidence that zodiac is a fraud. when zodiac's turkish houseman, abdul, arrives, charlie searches him and finds the holster that fits the knife. abdul escapes, and the burglars discover zodiac's vast files which he uses to frighten and blackmail others. charlie realizes bessie sibley is providing information on others to protect herself, and that zodiac was blackmailing essex. charlie burns zodiac's office to protect the innocent. essex's manuscript is a fictional account of dr. zodiac's blackmail scheme, and the next morning charlie finds that the last page revealing who the murder was committed is missing. charlie meets with gregory, who says he is an insurance company detective investigating mysterious suicides. charlie believes gregory's claim is false, and gregory fails to steal the manuscript back. charlie believes dr. zodiac suffers from pseudologia fantastica, and rhadini challenges dr. zodiac to a public test of psychic skills. dr. zodiac accepts the claim by leaving a note on the front door of the temple of magic where rhadini performs. it's written on the same paper that contains the missing manuscript page. the manuscript mentions a pygmy arrow; a similar arrow from a display in the foyer of the temple of magic is missing. that night, charlie, jimmy, bessie sibley, myra rhadini, and peter lewis attend rhadini's magic show, where he is assisted by eve cairo and elmer kelner. dr. zodiac appears during the show, and is invited on stage. as rhadini performs a levitation trick, zodiac is killed with the pygmy arrow. dr. zodiac is revealed to be abdul. although a bow is found, it is too brittle to have fired the arrow. zodiac must have been stabbed with the arrow. gregory gives rhadini an alibi after discovering rhadini's wand in the aisle by his seat. kilvaine reveals that gregory is stewart salsbury, and that he really is an insurance company executive. at kilvaine's suggestion, the murder is re-enacted with lewis standing in for zodiac. the secret of rhadini's levitation trick is revealed, and rhadini is stabbed in the aisle during the act. myra uses the "sphinx"—an upright metal pseudo-egyptian coffin with a hidden elevator in its floor—to go from the stage to the below-stage area, where her husband's dressing room is located. charlie encourages eve to try to tap into the mind of the killer. eve reads charlie's thoughts, which describe the motivations of stella essex, bessie sibley, thomas gregory, peter lewis, fred rhadini, and myra rhadinia (although without mentioning their names). the mind of dr. zodiac interferes with eve's mind. eve reads zodiac's mind, and discovers that the real dr. zodiac killed abdul because only abdul knew dr. zodiac's real identity. the killer attempts to shoot eve while she is on stage, but jimmy spots the pistol and pushes the gun away just in time. dr. zodiac is revealed to be fred rhadini. while all eyes were on eve, he sneaked into the wings, ran below the stage, and used the elevator in the sphinx to re-emerg on stage and attempt to kill eve. charlie reveals that rhadini used a wand with a spring trigger to fire the arrow that killed abdul. he then stabbed himself to divert attention from himself as a suspect.
corpus document1530
charlie chan in city in darkness
while visiting prefect of police romaine (c. henry gordon) in paris, france, during the czech annexation crisis in september 1938, charlie chan (sidney toler) is left to guide romaine's bumbling godson, police inspector marcel spivak (harold huber), during a blackout. the two are called to the home of petroff (douglass dumbrille), an arms dealer who has been murdered. spivak suspects his butler, antoine (pedro de cordoba), but spy charlotte ronnell (dorothy tree) is spotted fleeing the residence. due to a chance encounter earlier, chan realizes that local woman marie dubon (lynn bari) is involved, and the two detectives head to her hotel. charlie learns that dubon was helping her husband, tony madero (richard clarke), clear his name after petroff accused him of smuggling. following a clue in dubon's room, chan interrogates counterfeitor louis santelle (leo g. carroll). returning to the petroff household, chan and spivak track down burglars lola (barbara leonard), max (louis mercier), and alex (george davis) (who had broken into petroff's house just before the murder) before interrogating petroff's business partner, belescu (noel madison). after nearly being killed by santelle, charlie realizes that three clues are the key to the case: a dropped franc coin, a wooden leg, and a telephone left off the hook. after belescu is shot, chan and spivak chase ronnell to le bourget airport. but her plane crashes during takeoff and she dies. chan returns to police headquarters, and reveals that antoine (a french patriot) killed petroff after returning home early and discovering that petroff was selling arms to nazi germany. prefect romaine says antoine will likely stand trial for murder, but is likely to receive the legion of honour instead of the guillotine.
corpus document1531
charlie chan in reno
mary whitman has arrived in reno to obtain a divorce. while there, she is arrested on suspicion of murdering a fellow guest at her hotel (which specializes in divorcers). there are many others at the hotel who wanted the victim out of the way. charlie chan travels from his home in honolulu to reno to solve the murder at the request of mary's soon-to-be ex-husband.
corpus document1532
the cisco kid and the lady
kid and his partner, gordito, and another outlaw named harbison are each bequeathed a third interest in a gold mine of a dying prospector and whose only request is that they take care of his baby. in order to make sure that each keeps their promise, he tears the map of the mine in 3 parts.
corpus document1533
coast guard
lieutenant raymond "ray" dower (ralph bellamy) commands a united states coast guard cutter. his best friend in the coast guard, lieutenant thomas "speed" bradshaw (randolph scott), is a highly regarded, but reckless pilot. in a daring rescue at sea, both men are involved in saving tobias bliss (walter connolly), the captain of a tramp steamer. at the base hospital, the two officers visit the rescued man and meet nancy (frances dee), his granddaughter. both friends fall in love with her, but speed proposes first; broken-hearted, ray still acts as the best man at the wedding. the marriage falters, and when nancy is fed up with many lonely nights alone, she leaves speed. in trying to win her back, speed crashes while stunting over her house. grounded and facing a court-martial, the disgraced pilot finds out that his best friend is missing while on an arctic rescue mission. nancy coaxes speed and his co-pilot, o'hara (warren hymer), to attempt a rescue, and after a harrowing crash-landing in the arctic, an injured ray is located. speed manages a dangerous takeoff and flies his friend back home, to find a relieved nancy waiting for him.
corpus document1534
code of the secret service
united states secret service lieutenant brass bancroft (ronald reagan) and his partner, gabby watters (eddie foy, jr., producer bryan foy's brother), seek engraving plates stolen from the u.s. treasury department, and the investigation leads bancroft and watters to pursue a counterfeiting ring in mexico.[2][3][4] along the way, bancroft is falsely blamed for the death of a fellow secret service agent, escapes from jail, captures the leader of the counterfeiting ring, and wins the heart of his love interest, elaine (rosella towne).[5]
corpus document1535
code of the streets
convicted on circumstantial evidence, tommy shay (paul fix), a young product of the front street slums, is sentenced to die for the murder of police lieutenant carson (monte montague). when denver collins (marc lawrence), tommy's only alibi, mysteriously disappears, tommy's younger brother danny (james mccallion) and his gang of alley kids (the little tough guys) determine to find a way to save tommy from the electric chair. lieutenant lewis (harry carrey), tommy's arresting officer, also believes that the boy is innocent and tries to get the case reopened. for his efforts, lewis is demoted to patrolman, prompting his son bob (frankie thomas), a radio bug with an ambition to become a detective, to initiate his own investigation by which he hopes to find the real murderer and reinstate his father. while searching for collins on front street, bob meets danny and after he fibs that his father is a gangster, the boys join forces to track down carson's killer. acting on a tip, danny and bob visit a gambling club operated by chick foster (leon ames) and warn foster that the police have reopened the carson murder case and are looking for denver collins. in response, foster begins to act strangely, giving the boys a look at his henchman, halstead, whom they suspect is collins. when the boys discover that bob is really a cop's son, they beat him up but have a change of heart upon learning that bob's father was arrested while trying to help tommy. joining forces once again, the boys locate halstead's hideout and lure foster to the spot with a phony telegram. eavesdropping by means of a dictaphone, they learn that halstead is really collins and that he was hired by foster to kill carson. overcome with fear, halstead demands that foster pay him off, and in the ensuing argument, foster kills halstead and hurries back to his club. refusing to give up, bob follows foster and, after connecting a microphone attached to a radio in foster's office, broadcasts a fake news flash telling how halstead made a full confession before his death. attempting to escape, foster hails a cab in the alley which has been commandeered by danny and the gang. after the boys force a confession from foster, officer lewis arrives to arrest the gambler, and all ends happily as tommy is freed, lewis is reinstated as lieutenant, and the kids decide to go straight.
corpus document1536
colorado sunset
tired of traveling around the country performing their music, singing cowboy gene autry (gene autry) and his texas troubadors decide to purchase a cattle ranch and settle down. when they arrive at the ranch purchased for them by frog millhouse (smiley burnette), they cannot believe that the herd consists of milkcows rather than the cattle they had anticipated. soon they find themselves in the middle of a dairy war in which various farmers' trucks are being hijacked and destroyed in an attempt to drive them out of business. the town veterinarian, dr. rodney blair (robert barrat), suggests that the hall trucking company is behind the raids and proposes the establishment of a protective association. no one suspects that blair and deputy sheriff dave haines (buster crabbe) are in fact the real masterminds behind the sabotage. when gene vetoes blair's idea of a protective association, the doctor directs his men to attack gene's ranch, sending a secret code over the radio station owned by haines's unsuspecting sister carol (june storey). during the raid, gene captures clanton (jack ingram), one of blair's men, and turns him over to sheriff george glenn (william farnum). soon after, blair arrives at the jail, kills the sheriff, and frees his henchman. suspecting that blair and haines are involved in the raids, gene accepts decides to run for sheriff against haines, and he wins. gene then convinces the ranchers to contract with the hall trucking company. when he discovers blair's secret radio messages, he tricks dr. blair and his men into an ambush in which the milk trucks are overturned, and the hijackers are caught. gene and his men emerge victorious in the dairy war.
corpus document1537
confessions of a nazi spy
dr. karl kassel (paul lukas) comes to america to rally support for the nazi cause among german americans. he instructs his audience at a german restaurant that the führer has declared war on the evils of democracy and that, as germans, they should carry out his wishes. kurt schneider (francis lederer), an unemployed malcontent, joins the cause and eventually becomes a spy for the group. a letter written by schneider to a liaison in scotland is intercepted by a british military intelligence officer (james stephenson), leading to the ring's downfall. fbi agent ed renard (edward g. robinson) is assigned to the case and is able to capture schneider and extract a confession by flattering his ego. through schneider, renard is led to hilda kleinhauer (dorothy tree), then kassel's mistress erika wolff (lya lys), and eventually the ringleader himself. while the fbi manages to capture many members of the ring and their accomplices, several, including kassel, are secretly spirited back to germany, but some ultimately face a worse fate there. the character and event portrayed by ward bond as an american legionaire is based on an actual event that occurred in late april 1938 when approximately 30 world war i american legion veterans stood up to the bund in new york city during a celebration of hitler's birthday. the veterans were severely beaten and later cecil schubert, who suffered a fractured skull, was personally recognized for his bravery by mayor la guardia. there are many similarities between the events depicted in the movie and the real world round up of the nazi duquesne spy ring in 1941. in 1946, robinson appeared in a post-war anti-nazi film, the stranger.
corpus document1538
conspiracy
steve kendall is an american telegraph operator aboard a cargo ship. he inadvertently discovers that his ship is carrying contraband arms, when a revolutionary agent forces him to send a message to the revolutionaries ashore. when the secret police catch him catch the two together, the revolutionary flees, but is shot dead as he attempts to jump overboard. seeing the two of them together, the police mistakenly believe kendall to be in league with the local revolutionaries. nearing port, kendall dives overboard and swims to ashore in a foreign country. being chased by the militia and police, he winds up meeting a local member of the revolutionary party, nedra. it is discovered that nedra was the sister of the man killed by the police on the boat, and nedra's group had been planning to hijack the illegal arms which kendall's ship was carrying. nedra introduces kendall to tio, an american expatriate who runs a local dance hall. tio agrees to hide him in the basement of the hall, while nedra tries to figure a way to smuggle kendall out of the country. eventually nedra arranges transport for kendall on a steamship heading north, but before he can make good his escape, the police descend on tio's, forcing not only kendall to flee, but tio and his friend, studs, as well. the police chase them via speedboat, heading them off at the steamship. the group heads back to land, where tio radios a call for help. after a gunfight, the foursome escape via seaplane to the united states, where, after they arrive, nedra tearfully lets them know that she has to go back and help her comrades in their fight for freedom.
corpus document1539
the cowboy quarterback
rusty walker, a scout for the chicago packers professional football team, discovers a young fellow named harry lynn in remote montana who has amazing prowess as a quarterback. he persuades harry to come to chicago, but because harry is afraid to leave girlfriend maizie alone with rival suitor "handsome sam" saxon, he insists that maizie be permitted to come along. harry's play is as good as rusty expects it to be, but maizie is a constant distraction. when she leaves town, team management fixes up harry with the attractive evelyn corey and, sure enough, he falls in love. harry writes a letter to maizie, breaking off their engagement, then has second thoughts, but teammate steve mails it without harry's knowledge. getting drunk, harry loses $5,000 gambling while unaware he was betting real money. crooks instruct him to throw the packers' big game against the ramblers, and things get further complicated when harry learns that evelyn actually intends to marry rusty, not him. maizie returns with handsome sam, and after leading the team to victory in the final seconds, harry manages to intercept handsome sam as he's about to hand maizie the unopened letter.
corpus document1540
dancing co-ed
when a dancer's partner becomes pregnant, a nationwide search is instituted to find a replacement from among college women. a perfect choice is found, but she is not in school, resulting in various hijinks.
corpus document1541
dark victory
judith traherne (bette davis) is a young, carefree, hedonistic long island socialite and heiress with a passion for horses, fast cars, and too much smoking and drinking. she initially ignores severe headaches and brief episodes of dizziness and double vision, but when she uncharacteristically takes a spill while riding, and then tumbles down a flight of stairs, her secretary and best friend ann king (geraldine fitzgerald) insists she see the family doctor, who refers her to a specialist. dr. frederick steele (george brent) is in the midst of closing his new york city office in preparation of a move to brattleboro, vermont, where he plans to devote his time to brain cell research and scientific study on their growth. he reluctantly agrees to see judith, who is cold and openly antagonistic toward him. she shows signs of short-term memory loss, but dismisses her symptoms. steele convinces her the ailments she is experiencing are serious and potentially life-threatening, and puts his career plans on hold to tend to her. when diagnostic tests confirm his suspicions, judith agrees to surgery to remove a malignant brain tumor. steele discovers the tumor cannot be completely removed, and realizes she has less than a year to live. the end will be painless but swift—shortly after experiencing total blindness, judith will die. in order to allow her a few more months of happiness, steele opts to lie to judith and ann and assures them the surgery was a success. as he is a poor liar, ann is suspicious and confronts steele, who admits the truth. steele tells ann, "she must never know" she is going to die soon. she agrees to remain silent and continue the lie. judith and steele become involved romantically and eventually engaged. while helping his assistant pack the office prior to their departure for vermont, judith discovers her case history file containing letters from several doctors, all of them confirming steele's prognosis. assuming steele was marrying her out of pity, judith breaks off the engagement and reverts to her former lifestyle. one day, her stablemaster michael o'leary (humphrey bogart), who for years has loved her from afar, confronts her about her unruly behavior and she confesses she is dying. their conversation convinces her she should spend her final months happy, dignified, and with the man she loves. she apologizes to steele, she and steele marry, and move to vermont. (throughout the film judith and o'leary engage in arguments about the prospects of a colt, challenger. o'leary insists challenger will never make a racehorse while judith sees him as a future champion, and just before her death o'leary admits she was correct.) three months later, ann comes to visit. she and judith are in the garden planting bulbs when judith comments on how odd it is she still feels the heat of the sun under the rapidly darkening skies. she realizes she actually is losing her vision and approaching the end. steele is scheduled to present his most recent medical findings – which hold out the long-term prospect of a cure for this type of cancer – in new york, and judith, making an excuse to remain home, helps him pack and sends him off. then, after bidding ann, her housekeeper martha (virginia brissac), and her dogs farewell, she climbs the stairs and enters her bedroom. she kneels briefly at the side of her bed, apparently praying, then lies down on the bed. martha, who has followed her, drapes a blanket over her. judith asks to be left alone, and martha withdraws. the camera focuses on the motionless judith as the screen becomes blurry, fades to black, and the film ends.
corpus document1542
daughter of the tong
ralph dickson is an fbi agent assigned to investigate the killing of a colleague. he is chosen to investigate due to an uncanny likeness to the presumed killer. dickson goes undercover and learns the identity of the gang leader, carney, who is also known as "the illustrious one" and the "daughter of the tong." carney stays holed up at the oriental hotel while she has her henchmen doing her dirty work.
corpus document1543
daughters courageous
freewheeling jim masters returns home after a 20-year absence, during which he was declared dead, to find that his wife, nancy, is about to marry sam sloane, a stable local man in carmel, california. she must now choose between her ex-husband and her new fiancé. the masters daughters are also upset that their irresponsible father has re-entered their lives after so long an absence. meanwhile, the youngest daughter, buff, is drawn to tough-guy gabriel lopez, a man that reminds jim masters of himself.
corpus document1544
the day the bookies wept
pooling their resources, new york city taxi drivers designate ernie ambrose to go to kentucky and buy them a racehorse. ernie leaves behind his sweetheart ina and spends all their money on a horse, relying on advice from a fake "colonel" by buying a nag called hiccup. the horse is useless until ina discovers via the colonel that hiccup has a taste for beer. at long odds, she bets $2,000 on the drunken horse to win, which it does, bankrupting bookies all over town.
corpus document1545
destry rides again
saloon owner kent (brian donlevy), the unscrupulous boss of the fictional western town of bottleneck, has the town's sheriff, mr. keogh (joe king), killed when keogh asks one too many questions about a rigged poker game. kent and "frenchy" (marlene dietrich), his girlfriend and the dance hall queen, now have a stranglehold over the local cattle ranchers. the crooked town's mayor, hiram j. slade (samuel s. hinds), who is in collusion with kent, appoints the town drunk, washington dimsdale (charles winninger), as the new sheriff, assuming that he will be easy to control and manipulate. but what the mayor does not know is that dimsdale was a deputy under the famous lawman tom destry, and is able to call upon the latter's equally formidable son, tom destry, jr. (james stewart), to help him make bottleneck a lawful, respectable town. destry confounds the townsfolk by refusing to strap on a gun in spite of demonstrating that he is an expert marksman. he still carries out the "letter of the law", as deputy sheriff, and earns their respect. a final confrontation between destry and kent's gang is inevitable, but "frenchy" is won over by destry and changes sides. a final gunfight ensues where frenchy is killed in the crossfire, and the rule of law wins the day.
corpus document1546
devil's island
for treating a wounded revolutionary, respected surgeon, dr. charles gaudet (boris karloff) is sentenced to life imprisonment to the infamous french penal colony on devil's island. it isn't long before he speaks out against the inhuman conditions and incurs the anger of the brutal prison commander, colonel armand lucien (james stephenson). but when lucien's daughter collette receives life-threatening wounds in an accident, the only person on devils island who can save her, is gaudet.
corpus document1547
dick tracy's g-men
international spy, zarnoff, in the employ of "the three powers" (presumably a fictionalized reference to the axis) is captured by dick tracy at the start of the serial, tried and sentenced to death. however, through the use of a rare drug embedded by his agents in the evening newspaper, he escapes from the gas chamber. his men pick up his "corpse" by ambushing the hearse and administering another counter-drug. he continues his espionage plans, while taking the opportunity of revenge on tracy.
corpus document1548
disbarred
tyler craden is disbarred by the legal profession after destroying evidence against his client, gangster mardeen, following the murder of a cop. while on vacation, craden ends up in a town where a murder trial is taking place. he is impressed by defense attorney joan carroll and gets her a job with a firm run by roberts, a corrupt pal of his. bradley kent, an honest prosecutor, is both rival and suitor to joan. she rejects marriage proposals from kent and craden both, but joins the district attorney's office to fight crime. mardeen turns up and tries to blackmail craden, who shoots him. the da arrests craden and roberts, which frees joan to continue her work and also to marry kent.
corpus document1549
disputed passage
young medical student john wesley beaven is torn between the detached, cold pragmatism of dr. forster (akim tamiroff) and the humanistic attitudes of kindly dr. cunningham (william collier sr.). matters are brought to a head when beaven must choose between his career and impending marriage to fellow student audrey hilton (dorothy lamour). dr. forster convinces audrey to return to her native china and let howard pursue his studies undistracted. she takes forster's advice, but howard follows her. once in the orient he is injured in a bomb blast, and in a makeshift hospital, dr. forster is called on to perform a risky operation to save his life.
corpus document1550
dodge city
the action of the film starts with colonel dodge (henry o'neill) arriving on the first train and subsequently opening the new railroad line that links dodge city with the rest of the world. a few years later, dodge city has turned into the "longhorn cattle center of the world and wide-open babylon of the american frontier, packed with settlers, thieves and gunmen—the town that knew no ethics but cash and killing". in particular, it is jeff surrett (bruce cabot) and his gang who kill, steal, cheat and, generally, control life in dodge city without ever being brought to justice. any new sheriff, sworn into office in dodge, is quickly driven out of town by surrett and his cronies. colonel dodge's friend wade hatton (errol flynn), a lone irish cowboy who was instrumental in bringing the railroad to dodge city, is now on his way to the town leading a trek of settlers from the east coast. at hatton's side are his old companions rusty (alan hale) and tex (guinn 'big boy' williams), who are prepared to stay with him through thick and thin. among the settlers are beautiful abbie irving (olivia de havilland) and her irresponsible brother lee (william lundigan), who, drunk, causes a stampede (which eventually kills him) and is shot by hatton in self-defense. when the group arrive in dodge city, hatton is confronted with the full extent of the anarchy which is dictating everyday life there. asked by anxious citizens—abbie's uncle, dr. irving (henry travers) among them—to be the new sheriff, hatton politely declines, saying he is not cut out for this kind of job. hatton changes his mind when, during a school outing, a young boy, harry cole is inadvertently killed by surrett and his men. the new sheriff and his deputies—rusty and tex among them of course—have a hard time not just fighting the criminals but also convincing all the farmers who have been wronged by surrett that mob rule ("come on, boys, let's take 'em out to the plaza") is out of the question. regardless, all in all, hatton was quite capable of his new job and was off to a good start cleaning up the town. meanwhile, hatton, abbie and the likable newspaperman joe clemens (frank mchugh) uncover enough evidence of surrett's shady dealings to stand a chance in court. before joe could publish a story, one of surrett's thugs, yancey (victor jory) shoots the editor in the back. the only witness who can put surrett behind bars now is abbie whom hatton, out of love for her, arranges to leave town for safety until further notice. when yancey is in jail for joe's killing, hatton has to protect him against the furious men outside who, not caring for yancey's right to a fair trial, want to take the law into their own hands and lynch him right then and there. intending to ensure that yancey deserves a fair trial, hatton and rusty were able to manage to smuggle him out of town in a hearse to the train station where a train (which abbie happens to be on) bound for wichita was just about to leave. however, surrett and his gang were waiting and sneak on board to try and spring yancey. a gunfight then ensues and inadvertently causes a fire in the baggage car. fearing for hatton's life, abbie rushes to the baggage car to warn him of the danger. using her as a shield, surrett orders hatton and rusty to release yancey immediately. afterwards, surrett locks hatton, abbie and rusty in the burning car. after the three manage to escape from the car, hatton and rusty kill surrett and his gang who were trying to make a getaway. in the end, hatton succeeds in both overwhelming and catching the baddies and winning abbie's heart. everything has been prepared for a quiet family life in newly civilized dodge city, but hatton is asked by colonel dodge to clean up virginia city, nevada, another railroad town more dangerous than dodge city had ever been. understanding how much hatton is needed to settle the west, a loving abbie heartily suggests she and her new husband join the next wagon train for their new life together.
corpus document1551
drums along the mohawk
in colonial america, lana borst (claudette colbert), the eldest daughter of a wealthy albany, new york family, marries gilbert martin (henry fonda). together they leave her family's luxurious home to embark on a frontier life on gil's small farm in deerfield, in the mohawk valley of central new york. the time is july 1776, and the spirit of revolution is in the air. the valley's mostly ethnic german settlers have formed a local militia in anticipation of an imminent war, and gil joins up. as gil and his neighbors are clearing his land for farming, blue back (chief john big tree), a friendly oneida man, arrives to warn them that a raiding party of seneca, led by a tory named caldwell (john carradine), is in the valley. the settlers leave their farms and take refuge in nearby fort schuyler. lana, who is pregnant, miscarries during the frantic ride to the fort. the martin farm is destroyed by the seneca raiding party. with no home and winter approaching, the martins accept work on the farm of a wealthy widow, mrs. mcklennar (edna may oliver). during a peaceful interlude, mrs. mcklennar and the martins prosper. then, word comes that a large force of british soldiers and indians is approaching the valley. the militia sets out westward to intercept the attackers; but their approach is badly timed and the party is ambushed. though the enemy is eventually defeated at oriskany, more than half of the militiamen are killed. gil returns home, wounded and delirious, but slowly recovers. lana is again pregnant and delivers a son in may. that summer indian and tory raiding parties burn and pillage farms and small settlements. the harvest is small, and while mrs. mcklennar's stone house is not burned, there is barely enough food to survive the winter. lana bears her second child, another son, the following august. the raids continue but the crops fare much better, so there is plenty to eat that winter, although the cold is severe. after the spring thaw, the british and their indian allies mount a major attack to take the valley, and the settlers again take refuge in the fort. mrs. mcklennar is mortally wounded and ammunition runs short. gil makes a heroic dash through enemy lines to secure help from nearby fort dayton. reinforcements arrive just in time to beat back the attackers, who are about to overwhelm the fort. the militia pursues, harasses, and defeats the british force, scattering its surviving soldiers in the wilderness. the mohawk valley is saved. three years later, with the war over, gil and lana return to their farm at deerfield. they have a third child (a baby girl). they look forward to a happy and peaceful life in the valley as citizens of the new, independent united states of america.
corpus document1552
a ducking they did go
the stooges are once again unemployed. after an unsuccessful attempt to steal a watermelon from a deliveryman (cy schindell), which lands them in trouble with a cop (william irving), the boys wind up at the offices of the canvas back duck club. the club, run by conmen blackie (lynton brent) and doyle (wheaton chambers) needs some salesmen and the trio have no trouble getting the job because, unbeknownst to them, the whole thing is a scam. dressed in duck-hunting gear, larry, moe and curly invade the police station and barge right into the office of the police chief (bud jamison). the stooges somehow convince him, the mayor, and the entire police department to join up. once the stooges informed the conmen about the sale and who they sold them to, the conmen took the money and leave knowing that they'll get caught. by the time the group arrives at the lodge, the "club owners" are long gone, and an old man assures them that there are no ducks to be found. in a panic, moe and larry try to solve this dilemma by hurling decoy ducks and rubber decoys over the pond. curly arrives at last with a large flock of ducks (à la the pied piper of hamelin) and leads them into the water. eventually, the old man shows up (with the sheriff) ranting that curly has stolen his prize domestic ducks, worth $5 apiece. the cops realize they have been swindled and point their guns at the stooges, who flee the scene.
corpus document1553
dust be my destiny
joe bell (john garfield) becomes embittered after he is jailed for 16 months for something he did not do. later, he gets into a fight with a crook (played by an uncredited ward bond) and is sentenced to a work farm for 90 days. there, he becomes friends with mabel alden (priscilla lane), which displeases charles garreth (stanley ridges), her stepfather and the farm's foreman. the two men fight, and joe knocks garreth out. panicking, the young couple flee and get married, only to learn that garreth has died and that joe is wanted for his murder. constantly on the move to avoid capture, joe finally gets a break. he is in the right spot to take pictures of a bank robbery in progress. he uses them to get a job as a photographer at a newspaper run by mike leonard (alan hale). when the leader of the outfit tries to get the negatives, joe saves mike's life. unfortunately, his own picture is put on the front page of various newspapers as a result. joe tries to flee once more, but mabel turns him in to the police, convinced that running away is the wrong thing to do. at the trial, despite a parade of character witnesses in joe's favor, the prosecutor (john litel) seems to have the upper hand. defense attorney slim jones (moroni olsen) calls mabel to the stand. she convinces the jury to declare her husband innocent.
corpus document1554
each dawn i die
frank ross (cagney) is a crusading reporter for a big-city newspaper on the trail of a crooked district attorney, jesse hanley, who is running for election as governor of the state. at the banton construction co., ross sees hanley and his accomplice grayce (jory) burning books and ledgers to thwart a possible investigation brought about by the paper that ross works for. his editor patterson backs ross in getting hanley but the d.a. decides to get rid of him, so frames him. knocked out and covered in whiskey, he is put in a runaway car which collides with another, killing 3 young people and is thrown in prison for one to twenty years on a charge of automotive manslaughter. he meets a gangster, stacey (raft), who, as there is no death penalty in that state, is in for 199 years. they work in the twine-making room together and stacey falls into ross's debt when ross saves him from a knife thrown by another inmate. ross's reporter friends outside are trying to help him win vindication by finding the real culprits but they are having no success. stacey agrees to help ross prove that he was framed if ross helps him escape from a courthouse. they arrange that stacey be named by ross as guilty for killing of limpy, another inmate and hated stool pigeon. ross goes along with the plot, including a promise to tell no one about it, but antagonizes stacey by tipping off his old newspaper, so that the court room is full of reporters. he escapes by leaping from a window but makes no effort to find the real culprits who were responsible for ross's predicament. ross, meanwhile, is implicated in the escape and after being beaten up by brutal guards, spends five months in "the hole" refusing to betray stacey. this is solitary confinement where prisoners are handcuffed to the bars in the dark and fed bread and water once a day. ross, who has become a bad character, is promised a chance at parole by the warden (bancroft) if he reforms, but hanley has become governor and appointed grayce to head the parole board. grayce turns ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole. stacey is shamed by ross's reporter girlfriend, joyce (jane bryan), to carry out his promise. he finds the man who "fingered" ross and gets from him the name of the man who framed him: "polecat", who just happens to be a jailhouse informant widely disliked in the same prison. stacey, impressed with ross being a "square guy," decides to go back to prison to force polecat to confess. stacey instigates a prison breakout as part of his plan and orders the prisoners to bring along polecat. a vicious prison guard is killed and the warden and some of his men held as hostages, but the national guard have been sent for and block the escape with machine guns, gas and hand grenades. freed from the hole as part of the escape, stacey forces polecat to confess to framing ross with the warden and his men as witnesses to vindicate ross. all of the escaping convicts are killed, including the badly wounded stacey, who forces polecat to go with him and be killed so that he cannot recant his confession. governor hanley and grayce are indicted for murder and ross is freed.
corpus document1555
escape to paradise
jaded playboy richard fleming travels to the south american nation of rosarita. through his motorcycle riding guide roberto he discovers true love and a career as a yerba mate exporter.
corpus document1556
espionage agent
the film opens with a description of the black tom explosion of a munitions supply located in jersey city on the hudson river. the explosion, which occurred during world war i was an act of sabotage by german agents. barry corvall (joel mccrea), the son of a recently deceased american diplomat, has just gotten married. when he discovers that his new wife (brenda marshall) is a possible enemy agent, he resigns from the diplomatic service to go undercover to expose an espionage ring planning to destroy american industrial capability before war breaks out. traveling on a train in germany, corvall attempts to swipe a briefcase with documents in an attempt to prove that the nazis, have been infiltrating vital industrial centers in the united states. with the help of his wife, he tries to foil the plans of the nazi spy (martin kosleck).
corpus document1557
eternally yours
anita halstead (loretta young) goes to see a magic act performed by tony (david niven), the "great arturo", after her bridal shower for her wedding to don burns (broderick crawford). anita and tony are immediately attracted to each other and get married. she becomes his assistant in the act. one night, tony becomes drunk in the company of a woman reporter and boasts he will jump out of an airplane at 15,000 feet (4,600 m) with his hands handcuffed behind his back. when she prints his claim, he first tries to get out of it with a fake cast on his arm, but when he sees the thousands of fans, he goes through with it, freeing himself in mid-air and parachuting safely to the ground. he promises anita that he will not attempt the dangerous stunt again, but soon breaks his word and performs it repeatedly all over the world. anita becomes weary of the constant travel and longs to settle down and start a family. secretly, she sells her jewelry and has a house built in the connecticut countryside. when it is completed, she shows tony a picture of it, but his uninterested reaction stops her from telling him it is theirs. when he signs up for a two-year, round-the-world tour rather than take the vacation he had promised, she finally gives up. she leaves him and gets a divorce in reno. anita's grandfather, bishop peabody (c. aubrey smith), breaks the news to the distraught tony. on a sea cruise with her aunt abby (billie burke), anita is surprised to run into her old fiance don. she gets the ship's captain to marry them. however, she spends their honeymoon night with her grandfather. the next night, don insists on introducing her to his boss, harley bingham (raymond walburn), at a nightclub. the entertainment is none other than the great arturo, with his old assistant, lola de vere (virginia field). he soon persuades bingham to let him perform at bingham's company retreat at a resort, much to anita's discomfort. mrs. bingham (zasu pitts) has a dilemma, though. they have not booked enough rooms to provide separate bedrooms for the unmarried tony and lola. tony suggests he and don share one room, while anita and lola take the other. during his stay, tony tries unsuccessfully to persuade anita to take him back. meanwhile, the hapless don becomes sick, and the doctor prescribes no physical activity of any sort for a month. bishop peabody is told by his lawyer that anita's divorce is not legal. later, he informs his granddaughter that tony will be doing his parachute stunt that day. she attends. tony tells his valet and friend benton (hugh herbert) that he hid a lockpick in the wrong airplane, but goes ahead with the trick anyway. he frees himself dangerously close to the ground. after he is pulled unconscious out of the water, anita rushes to his side. when he regains consciousness, they are reconciled. in the final scene, they enter their connecticut home.
corpus document1558
everything happens at night
ray milland and robert cummings play competing newspaper reporters, in switzerland, on the trail of the nobel prize winner dr norden. norden was supposed to have been killed in germany. each reporter meets, and falls in love with, a young woman, played by sonja henie, who turns out to be norden's daughter living under an assumed name. their discovery of her father brings the gestapo.
corpus document1559
exile express
after being wrongly implicated in the murder of her scientist boss by foreign agents, a young immigrant woman is placed on board an "exile express" from california to new york city where she is to be deported after her arrival at ellis island. with the help of a journalist whom has fallen in love with her, she jumps the train and sets out to prove her innocence.
corpus document1560
everybody's hobby
tom leslie is having some trouble at his newspaper job, so his wife, a stamp collector, suggests he distract himself with a former hobby of his own, photography. tom takes his son robert to a national park, where the boy, a short-wave radio enthusiast, enjoys his hobby, too. a park ranger informs the leslies that a pyromaniac is on the loose and to be careful. soon they and others are threatened by a roaring blaze, but robert's radio enables them to send for life-saving help, while a photo tom takes of the fire ends up capturing the pyromaniac in the same frame.
corpus document1561
fast and furious
joel and garda sloane, a husband and wife sleuthing duo, sell rare books in new york and dream of taking a vacation to escape the sweltering heat of the city. joel decides to take garda to seaside city, where his pal, mike stevens, is managing a popular beauty pageant. in addition to his vacation plans, joel, who has invested $10,000 in the pageant, plans to supervise the financial developments of the event and "keep an eye on" the contestants. soon after arriving in seaside city, joel discovers that eric bartell, the unscrupulous promoter of the pageant, is duping stevens. when joel is made a beauty judge by stevens, garda balks at the appointment, especially when her husband begins to socialize with the contestants in the days prior to the pageant. joel senses trouble when new york racketeer ed connors arrives to monitor bartell's activities, and when lily cole, bartell's publicity director, lashes out at contestant jerry lawrence for vying with her for bartell's attentions. joel is convinced that something foul is afoot in seaside city when a detective tells him that bartell will be arrested on swindling charges as soon as a warrant is issued. when bartell is mysteriously murdered, stevens, who was the last person seen with bartell, is arrested. stevens is suspected of the crime because he went to see bartell to demand that he return all the money he loaned him. although joel and garda are warned by chief miller not to get involved in the case, the duo, with the help of newspaper columnist ted bentley, begin to investigate the murder. soon after, an attempt is made on their lives when a falling elevator nearly crushes them. joel does not believe that stevens was the murderer, but instead suspects lily, because she and bartell were involved in a dispute prior to the murder. later, when joel discovers that jerry smokes the same brand of cigarettes as the one found smoldering at the scene of bartell's murder, he interrogates her and she names connors as the murderer. connors, overhearing her accusation, attacks her and tells joel that she is merely trying to frame him. when jerry is found murdered, joel deduces that the murderer must be bentley, because he is the only person who knew that he had proof against jerry. joel tricks bentley into confessing his guilt, but bentley, in an attempt to silence joel, tries to kill him. however, he is prevented from doing so by the police, who arrest him. eventually, joel learns that bentley killed bartell because jerry threw him over for bartell, and that he killed jerry because she knew too much.[1]
corpus document1562
fast and loose
rare booksellers joel and garda sloane try to solve a murder, which hinges on a missing scrap of a william shakespeare manuscript.[1]
corpus document1563
5th ave girl
wealthy industrialist alfred borden (walter connolly) has problems both at work and at home. his employees at amalgamated pump are making demands that may drive the business he has built up from nothing into bankruptcy, and his son tim (tim holt) has lost a major customer through neglect (he prefers playing polo). on his birthday, borden's secretary gives him a loud tie as a gift, but when he goes home to his fifth avenue mansion, he finds nobody there but the servants. his unfaithful wife martha (verree teasdale), his daughter katherine (kathryn adams), and tim have all forgotten or do not care. feeling lonely, he goes to central park, where he meets mary grey (ginger rogers), a young, out-of-work woman. seeing that she has only a meager meal to last the day, he invites her to dine with him at a fancy nightclub. they get drunk, start dancing, and are spotted by martha and her boyfriend. the next morning, he awakes with a hangover and a black eye, to discover that he had apparently invited mary to spend the night in a guest room. seeing the reaction this elicits from his formerly indifferent family, he concocts a scheme: he hires mary to pretend to be his mistress. he neglects his company, forcing his son to take up the slack. tim comes up with fresh new ideas to save the firm. meanwhile, borden and mary go out every night, supposedly partying to all hours, though they are actually just driven around by the ardently communist chauffeur mike (james ellison). embarrassed by the resulting newspaper gossip column items and shunned by her friends, martha calls in family psychiatrist dr. kessler (louis calhern), but he finds nothing wrong with her now-cheerful and carefree husband. she starts staying home, plotting ways to drive mary out. she has tim try to buy her off, but that fails. tim makes no effort to hide his contempt for the interloper, but eventually falls in love with her. meanwhile, mary tries to help katherine, who is in love with an unnoticing mike. finally, mary can no longer continue with the charade and tearfully confesses the truth. katharine shows up and announces she has married mike, who has decided to quit and open a repair shop. at first, martha is aghast, but then borden reminds her that they started their own marriage about the same way, and she grudgingly accepts her new son-in-law. borden then retreats to his bedroom, but martha invites him into hers. mary leaves, but tim finds her, picks her up, and carries her back into the mansion. when a policeman tries to interfere, mary tells him to mind his own business.
corpus document1564
first love
constance harding is an unhappy orphan who will soon graduate from miss wiggins' school for girls. her only real relatives are members from the james clinton family, but they show little interest in the teenager. she is brought to new york by one of their butlers, where she moves in with a bunch of snobs. the upperclass people are not impressed with her, but connie is able to befriend the servants. one afternoon, her cousin barbara clinton orders connie to stop ted drake from going riding without her. connie tries the best she can, which results in embarrassing herself. she has secretly fallen in love with him and is full with joy when she learns the drake family is organizing a ball. the servants raise money to buy her a fashionable dress. however, barbara spreads a lie and connie is eventually prohibited from attending the ball. connie is heartbroken, until the servants arrange a limousine she can use until midnight. meanwhile, the police detain the clinton family car until almost midnight when they can be brought before a judge, since the chauffeur is missing the vehicle's proof of ownership. at the ball, everyone is impressed with her singing talents. ted notices her and tries to charm her. they eventually kiss, when connie realizes it is midnight. she runs off, but accidentally leaves one of her slippers behind. ted finds the slipper and tries to locate the owner. arriving at the ball just before midnight, barbara spots connie leaving the ball. infuriated, she tries to break connie's confidence and fires all the servants. the next day, connie is missing as well, and her uncle james berates grace, barbara, and walter for their hostile/indifferent attitude to connie. meanwhile, connie returns to miss wiggins' school in the hope of becoming a music teacher. ted follows her and they reunite in the end.
corpus document1565
first offenders
a crusading and reform-minded district attorney resigns from his position in order to open establish a farm that give juvenile delinquents and first-offenders a place to straighten out their lives before they reach the point of no return. he meets much resistance from various segments of the law and the citizens.
corpus document1566
five came back
nine passengers board a commercial flight from los angeles to panama city: wealthy judson ellis (patric knowles) and alice melhorne (wendy barrie), eloping because their parents disapprove; an elderly couple, professor henry spengler (c. aubrey smith) and his wife martha (elisabeth risdon); tommy mulvaney (casey johnson), the young son of a gangster, and his escort, gunman pete (allen jenkins); peggy nolan (lucille ball), a woman with a shady past; and vasquez (joseph calleia), an anarchist being extradited and facing a death sentence for killing a high-ranking politician, and his deportation guard, crimp (john carradine), who expects a substantial reward for delivering him. the crew comprises pilot bill (chester morris), co-pilot joe brooks (kent taylor), and steward larry (dick hogan). on their way to panama, a fierce nighttime storm buffets their airliner, the silver queen. a gas cylinder is shaken loose and knocks a door open and little tommy falls against it; steward larry attempts to close it and hands tommy up to one of the other passengers, just before he falls through the open door to his death. an engine fails and the pilots are forced to crash-land in jungle terrain. in the morning the professor recognizes plants of the amazon rainforest: the aircraft has been blown far south of where rescuers will search; the nearest civilization is across the mountains. but there is water, and enough fruit and game for everyone to live on. weeks go by while bill and joe struggle to repair the damaged airliner, while the others clear a runway and lighten the aircraft by removing all unnecessary weight. the experience changes everyone. the spenglers rediscover their love for each other. bill warms to an appreciative peggy, although she tells him about her sordid past. judson falls apart, staying drunk much of the time, while alice toughens up and begins to feel attracted to joe. the biggest change is to vasquez. seeing how well most of the group have coped with their situation, he reconsiders his radical beliefs. on the 23rd day, crimp disappears; tommy eventually discovers his dead body. when peggy and pete go looking for tommy, he leads them to crimp's body, which has a poison dart stuck in it. pete orders peggy to take tommy to safety while he covers their retreat, but he is quickly killed by unseen natives. the remaining survivors board the now-repaired airliner, but as the engines turn over, an oil leak develops. bill and joe patch it, but realize that their repair will fail some time after takeoff, leaving only one running engine. as a result, the aircraft can only carry four adults and tommy across the mountains. as everyone tries to decide how to choose who must stay behind, vasquez suddenly grabs a pistol and announces that, since he is doomed no matter what, he is the only one without bias and will make the decision. while the leak repairs are being made, he is approached by professor spengler, who says that he and his wife have lived their lives and should stay; then judson tries to bribe vasquez by offering to pay for a top lawyer. when the aircraft is ready, vasquez announces that both pilots and both of the younger women will go along with tommy. judson attacks, and vasquez shoots him dead. the airliner takes off, leaving behind vasquez and the spenglers. as the natives approach, professor spengler quietly informs vasquez that they must not be taken alive, as they will be tortured. vasquez lies to him, telling him that there are three bullets left. he kills the couple with his last two bullets, and then awaits his grisly fate.
corpus document1567
fixer dugan
charlie dugan is the "fixer" who keeps barvin's greater shows, a struggling traveling circus, going. he is glad to welcome back lion tamer aggie moreno, as her act is a popular one. however, she and top-billed high wire artist pat o'connell loathe each other, and that's a feud that aggie extends to include pat's 10-year-old daughter terry. however, when pat falls to her death during a performance, dugan persuades aggie to take charge of the orphan girl. after a while, aggie finds she likes terry. one night, terry overhears frank darlow (the son of a rival circus owner) and jake talking about how to take possession of aggie's lions. darlow's father had tricked aggie into signing a bill of sale for them. when terry is unable to interrupt aggie's performance to warn her, she sneaks through the lions' entrance into the cage. this disturbs the lions, and aggie is barely able to control them and get terry out of danger. the audience, thinking this is all part of the act, is thrilled. dugan asks darlow to meet him in a few hours to pick up the lions, but when darlow shows up, the circus has already left. darlow and jake give chase. dugan keeps terry in the lion taming act, which becomes so popular that a. j. barvin tells her that she has saved his circus. dugan keeps outsmarting darlow, but finally darlow brings the local sheriff to take custody of terry; dugan does not have a permit for the underage girl to be working. terry is put in a children's home run by mrs. fletcher. having been rained out at the next scheduled location, dugan persuades barvin to put on a performance at the children's home instead. mrs. fletcher tells aggie that any attempt to adopt terry would be rejected. terry stows away on one of the trucks when the circus leaves. darlow shows up with a policeman, but dugan dupes him into signing a bill of sale, returning the lions to aggie. meanwhile, aggie's assistant, thinking the lions are going to be taken away, lets one of them out before anybody can stop him. the lion stalks terry, but aggie manages to hold it off until it is netted. mrs. fletcher witnesses this and tells aggie that she has changed her mind and would approve an adoption.
corpus document1568
the flying deuces
while on holiday in paris, ollie falls so much in love with georgette (jean parker), the beautiful daughter of an innkeeper, he intends to marry her. unfortunately, she turns down his marriage proposal because there is someone else, "very much so". (unbeknownst to him at the moment, a foreign legion officer named francois (reginald gardiner) is her husband, and has returned briefly to see her.) ollie is heartbroken to the point of committing suicide. just as he about to jump into a river (with stan joining him), francois, happening to catch sight of them about to do so, convinces the duo to enlist in the foreign legion in order to forget ollie's failed romance. when stan asks him how long it will take ollie to forget, should they join the foreign legion, francois points out it will only take a matter of a few days. enticed by francois's offer, plus the fact that ollie will completely forget his failed romance very shortly, they enlist. right from the start they wreak havoc in training camp, and when they are taken to see the commandant (charles b. middleton) to be introduced to their daily legionnaire duties, he gives them a full litany of long tasks, for which their daily wage is 100 centimes, which, translated into american currency amounts to only three cents. hardy flatly tells the commandant neither he nor stan will have any part of it for only three cents a day, to which stan concurs that they don't work for less than 25 cents a day. for this uppity attitude they are sentenced to very menial hard labor, washing and ironing a mountain of laundry, with legion officers constantly on their backs ("go on!! get back to work!!! whaddya think this is?!!"). finally and 'miraculously', ollie manages to forget his broken romance completely, (thus no longer having to work in the legion) and, his and stan's purpose in joining the foreign legion fulfilled, they prepare to leave the legion and go back home to the united states...but before they do, fed up with the harsh discipline and the endless punishments they had to suffer, ollie intends to tell off the commandant on their way out. they are unable to find the commandant and unwilling to search for him. so ollie writes him a very insulting farewell letter and signs it. before long they meet georgette again, and ollie is at first delighted that she has seemingly changed her mind and come back to him, and proceeds to embrace and kiss her. ollie, however, becomes un-delighted by francois, the same foreign legion officer who had encouraged them to join the legion earlier, who icily informs him that georgette happens to be his wife and threateningly warns him to stay away from her, or else. after francois leaves, the commandant appears on the scene and grimly tells stan and ollie he received their stern farewell note, and it has now become their death warrant. he then pronounces them under arrest for desertion. they are then taken to the prison, locked up and summarily sentenced to be shot at dawn. at one point the jailor forgets to lock the door. stan amazes ollie by playing the world is waiting for the sunrise on the bedsprings. as he is about to play another piece, the jailor yells at them to be quiet. later in the evening, someone throws a hint informing them that they can escape by means of a tunnel leading from their cell to the outside wall. stan brings on an accidental cave-in which causes the underground path to lead to, of all places, francois and georgette's dwelling. in no time at all, the whole legion engages in hot pursuit of the boys, who manage to flee to a nearby hangars and hide out in an airplane, which stan accidentally starts up, forcing the boys to fly it until it ultimately crashes. stan manages to emerge seemingly unharmed from the crash, but ollie has died, seen ascending into the heavens, complete with wings. eventually, however, he is reincarnated (earlier in the film, the duo contemplated being reincarnated) as a horse (complete with mustache and hat), which pleases stan. in the final seconds of the film, ollie makes his famous remark, "well, here`s another nice mess you`ve gotten me into".
corpus document1569
the flying irishman
in 1938, an unlikely event unfolds as pilot douglas corrigan returns to the united states after his transatlantic flight, made "the wrong way" across the atlantic. the passion to fly was there from an early age as young douglas faced some hardships as his parents separated, leaving his mother (dorothy peterson) to rear two sons and a daughter. when his mother dies, douglas becomes the family breadwinner, putting his brother henry (eddie quillan) through college. with his own funds, he becomes partners with his friend butch (paul kelly), an experienced pilot, in the purchase of an aircraft. doug aspires to attain a pilot's job, but increasing regulation of commercial aviation keeps putting the job beyond his grasp: by the time he gains the experience required, the qualification standards have been increased again. after a series of setbacks, including losing his aircraft in a crash and seeing the qualification requirements include a college degree beyond his means, doug begins to plan an audacious feat, flying across the atlantic just like charles lindbergh (who also did not have a college education), to prove his exceptional ability.[note 1] after earning enough money as a weldler to purchase and modify a second-hand aircraft, doug goes into business with henry as a barn-stormer to finance a transatlantic attempt, but henry eventually tires of the drudgery of eking out a living day to day. doug learns about a new commercial airline route to ireland and decides to make a solo flight to prove his qualifications. in new york, after his plane is grounded by an inspector, doug's brother arranges a return flight to san diego, lifting the flight ban. once in the air, doug instead heads off to ireland, and, 28 hours later, makes it successfully to dublin. when doug rejects an airline offer of a job as vice-president and chief pilot because he only wants to be a pilot, he is told that his goal is impossible, because passengers going "to cheyenne" want to be confident of arriving at the correct destination!
corpus document1570
four wives
ann lemp borden (priscilla lane) has been recently widowed, after her husband mickey borden (john garfield), a down and out and unlucky musical genius, is tragically killed in a car accident. she now lives at home again with her father (claude rains), aunt etta (may robson) and younger sister kay (rosemary lane). her two other sisters, emma and thea, are married. kay is dating a young doctor clint forrest jr. (eddie albert); emma and thea are trying to conceive via their respective husbands. ann, engaged to musical composer felix dietz (jeffrey lynn) suddenly discovers that she is pregnant with her deceased husband's child. unable to forget mickey, she vacillates on marrying felix. a flashback shows mickey playing an unfinished musical composition “that has only a middle…no beginning…no ending” and ann finds herself frequently replaying the tune in her head or on her piano. ann is distressed over the raw deal life had given mickey. felix eventually convinces ann to marry him and they elope, but ann is still caught up in the past tragedy. felix finishes mickey’s composition and conducts it nationally on radio, making a speech commemorating mickey's genius and untimley death. convinced now that mickey borden did not die in vain, ann comes back to reality, rediscovers her love for husband felix and together with her family goes on to have a normal happy life complete with her child, nieces and nephews.
corpus document1571
frontier marshal
in a tombstone, arizona saloon ben carter owns, the sheriff is unwilling to stop indian charlie from shooting up the place, so new arrival wyatt earp does. earp is beaten by some of carter's hired men for taking the law into his own hands. dance hall girl jerry is upset with earp, so when her sweetheart doc halliday gets to town, a showdown seems imminent. earp and doc instead become friends. earp takes over as the lawman in town and also tries to convince doc's former sweetheart sarah allen that their relationship can still work out. the two men work together after visiting entertainer eddie foy is taken captive, and also when jenny joins forces with carter to plan the robbery of a gold shipment. doc is forced to perform surgery to save a life, then is shot in the back by carter. earp avenges his friend's death.
corpus document1572
the great commandment
the film takes place in 30 a.d. judea in a fictional village near jerusalem. the protagonist is joel, the elder son of the village rabbi lamech. lamech wants joel to follow in his footsteps as a scribe and rabbi, but joel is secretly a zealot leader, believing that more must be done to help his nation than studying the scriptures. he is also secretly in love with tamar, the daughter of the carpet merchant jemuel, and he overhears his father and jemuel arranging a marriage between tamar and one of lamech's sons. unfortunately for joel it turns out to be his younger brother zadok, an impetuous zealot, whom joel has to protect from his own recklessness. a crisis is brought about by the arrival of a troop of soldiers led by a centurion, longinus, who issues the demand for a special tax to be collected by a tax collector traveling with them. zadok and other zealots organize the release of prisoners taken by the soldiers, which moves longinus to plan a massacre of the men of the village. zadok wants to attack the romans right away, but joel feels that a larger resistance is needed through someone reputed to be the coming messiah of the jewish people, jesus christ. joel runs afoul of his father in declaring his love for tamar, whom his father wants wedded to zadok, and in revealing that he is a zealot leader. with the sword of the zealots entrusted to him, joel goes out to find jesus in order to enlist his leadership of their cause. [jesus is not presented directly in this film, but only as a reflection in water, as the glow of light on his listeners, and by way of the voice of irving pichel, the director.] joel meets jesus' disciples, andrew and judas iscariot, who have two different ideas about jesus' mission. judas, like the zealots, thinks that jesus should be a military and political leader who would lead his people against the romans. joel confronts jesus with the sword of the zealots, and jesus declines his invitation with the words of matthew 26:52 "all who take up the sword will perish by the sword." joel disappointedly returns to his village just in time for the wedding feast of his brother zadok and his beloved tamar. he comes up with the idea that he and the zealots would kidnap jesus and force his hand to support them. this is forestalled by jesus' appearance at the village gate where joel's father is presented as the scribe who asks jesus, "what is the greatest commandment in the law? (luke 10:25-37). jesus replies with his parable of the good samaritan. jesus' exhortation at the end to, "go and do thou likewise", moves joel to abandon his plan to kidnap jesus. zadok is told by nathan the innkeeper that longinus is vulnerably asleep at his inn, and he gives up going to his bridal bed in order to kill longinus. nathan calls joel and lamech to the inn because longinus repulsed zadok's attack by killing him. the effect of jesus' words on joel moves him to keep from killing the unconscious longinus and standing as a buffer between him and the men of the village, who are thirsting for his blood. when they ask joel why he is protecting longinus, he replies that he too is his brother. longinus sends word for his soldiers to meet him at the inn, and he has the soldiers arrest joel and take him to prison in jerusalem. in prison joel misses the passion of jesus. tamar is allowed to visit him. they are met by longinus, who tells joel that he had him arrested for his own protection from the village mob. he tells him of another wonder: he was a witness of jesus' crucifixion, and he was the soldier who thrust the spear in his side to make sure he was dead. longinus throws down the spear, and he, joel, and tamar return to the village to witness their christian faith.
corpus document1573
gone with the wind
on the eve of the american civil war in 1861, scarlett o'hara lives at tara, her family's cotton plantation in georgia, with her parents and two sisters. scarlett learns that ashley wilkes—whom she secretly loves—is to be married to his cousin, melanie hamilton, and the engagement is to be announced the next day at a barbecue at ashley's home, the nearby plantation twelve oaks. at the twelve oaks party, scarlett privately declares her feelings to ashley, but he rebuffs her by responding that he and melanie are more compatible. scarlett is incensed when she discovers another guest, rhett butler, has overheard their conversation. the barbecue is disrupted by the declaration of war and the men rush to enlist. as scarlett watches ashley kiss melanie goodbye, melanie's younger brother charles proposes to her. although she does not love him, scarlett consents and they are married before he leaves to fight. scarlett is widowed when charles dies from a bout of pneumonia and measles while serving in the confederate army. scarlett's mother sends her to the hamilton home in atlanta to cheer her up, although the o'haras' outspoken house slave mammy tells scarlett she knows she is going there only to wait for ashley's return. scarlett, who should not attend a party while in mourning, attends a charity bazaar in atlanta with melanie where she meets rhett again, now a blockade runner for the confederacy. celebrating a confederate victory and to raise money for the confederate war effort, gentlemen are invited to bid for ladies to dance with them. rhett makes an inordinately large bid for scarlett and, to the disapproval of the guests, she agrees to dance with him. the tide of war turns against the confederacy after the battle of gettysburg in which many of the men of scarlett's town are killed. scarlett makes another unsuccessful appeal to ashley while he is visiting on christmas furlough, although they do share a private and passionate kiss in the parlor on christmas day, just before he returns to war. eight months later, as the city is besieged by the union army in the atlanta campaign, scarlett and her young house slave prissy must deliver melanie's baby without medical assistance after she goes into premature labor. afterwards, scarlett calls upon rhett to take her home to tara with melanie, her baby, and prissy; he collects them in a horse and wagon, but once out of the city chooses to go off to fight, leaving scarlett and the group to make their own way back to tara. upon her return home, scarlett finds tara deserted, except for her father, her sisters, and two former slaves: mammy and pork. scarlett learns that her mother has just died of typhoid fever and her father has become incompetent. with tara pillaged by union troops and the fields untended, scarlett vows she will do anything for the survival of her family and herself. as the o'haras work in the cotton fields, scarlett's father is killed after he is thrown from his horse in an attempt to chase away a scalawag from his land. with the defeat of the confederacy ashley also returns, but finds he is of little help at tara. when scarlett begs him to run away with her, he confesses his desire for her and kisses her passionately, but says he cannot leave melanie. unable to pay the taxes on tara implemented by reconstructionists, scarlett dupes her younger sister suellen's fiancé, the middle-aged and wealthy mill owner frank kennedy, into marrying her, by saying suellen got tired of waiting and married another beau. frank, ashley, rhett and several other accomplices make a night raid on a shanty town after scarlett is attacked while driving through it alone, resulting in frank's death. with frank's funeral barely over, rhett proposes to scarlett and she accepts. they have a daughter whom rhett names bonnie blue, but scarlett, still pining for ashley and chagrined at the perceived ruin of her figure, lets rhett know that she wants no more children and that they will no longer share a bed. one day at frank's mill, scarlett and ashley are seen embracing by ashley's sister, india, and harboring an intense dislike of scarlett she eagerly spreads rumors. later that evening, rhett, having heard the rumors, forces scarlett to attend a birthday party for ashley; incapable of believing anything bad of her beloved sister-in-law, melanie stands by scarlett's side so that all know that she believes the gossip to be false. after returning home from the party, scarlett finds rhett downstairs drunk, and they argue about ashley. rhett kisses scarlett against her will, stating his intent to have sex with her that night, and carries the struggling scarlett to the bedroom. the next day, rhett apologizes for his behavior and offers scarlett a divorce, which she rejects, saying that it would be a disgrace. when rhett returns from an extended trip to london, scarlett informs him that she is pregnant, but an argument ensues which results in her falling down a flight of stairs and suffering a miscarriage. as she is recovering, tragedy strikes when bonnie dies while attempting to jump a fence with her pony. scarlett and rhett visit melanie, who has suffered complications arising from a new pregnancy, on her deathbed. as scarlett consoles ashley, rhett returns to their home in atlanta; realizing that ashley only ever truly loved melanie, scarlett dashes after rhett to find him preparing to leave for good. she pleads with him, telling him she realizes now that it was him she loved all along and never really ashley, but rhett says they lost any chance at reconciliation after bonnie’s death. scarlett begs him to stay but rhett rebuffs her and walks out the door and into the early morning fog, leaving her weeping on the staircase and vowing to one day win back his love.
corpus document1574
good girls go to paris
jenny swanson (blondell) is a waitress in a small college town whose dream is to go to paris by any means necessary. she confides her plan for a little gold-digging and blackmail to ronald "ronnie" brooke (douglas), a professor on exchange from england. brooke tries to dissuade her, telling her that "good girls go to paris, too". her first attempt ends badly. although she attracts rich ted dayton jr., his father refuses to pay her off, insisting she back up her claim that she has a written marriage proposal. when she does not produce it, the father threatens her with the police, unless she agrees to leave town and never come back. she tells brooke she had the letter in her purse, but at the last moment, could not bring herself to take it out. brooke advises her to go home, then reveals that he is getting married in new york city and returning to england. jenny starts to buy a ticket home, but then decides to go to new york instead. at the train station, she runs into brooke and his fiancée's brother, tom brand (alan curtis). she and tom become acquainted on the train. he likes her very much, even after she tells him all about her blackmail attempt. in new york city, he takes her to nightclub after nightclub. at one, she encounters tom's mother caroline, out with her boyfriend paul kingston. at another, she spots sylvia brand (joan perry), brooke's fiancée, dancing with medical student dennis jeffers, whom sylvia has known since childhood. jenny eavesdrops and learns that sylvia is in love with dennis, but fears being disinherited by her very wealthy grandfather olaf if they married (dennis is the son of the family butler). she also discovers that tom owes $5000 in gambling debts to mr. schultz. after jenny brings a drunk tom home very late at night, she encounters caroline sneaking in. they wake up an irritable, ailing olaf, so caroline introduces her as sylvia's friend from college. jenny prescribes traditional swedish remedies, which soon make olaf much pleasanter. when brooke shows up the next morning, he is flabbergasted to find she is a houseguest ... and one of sylvia's bridesmaids. she soon becomes a great favorite of olaf's. he would be very pleased to have tom marry her. crises abound. first, schultz comes for his money. jenny keeps him from seeing olaf, who knows nothing about tom's debt, and promises to pay him tomorrow. next, dennis injures a man while driving; sylvia is a passenger and gives her name as jenny swanson to avoid scandal. she asks jenny to play along, so jenny demands $5000 to do it. that takes care of tom's ious. when she learns that paul and caroline plan to elope, jenny arranges it so that caroline learns the truth: that paul is only after her wealth. then, olaf announces tom and jenny's engagement at his party. finally, an attorney representing the injured man barges in to speak to olaf, followed a little later by the daytons, who have their own quarrel with olaf. olaf gathers his family together to figure out what is going on. eventually, everything is straightened out: caroline gets dennis, and brooke gets jenny.
corpus document1575
the gorilla
when a wealthy man (lionel atwill) is threatened by a killer known as the gorilla, he hires the ritz brothers to investigate. a real escaped gorilla shows up at the mansion just as the investigators arrive. patsy kelly portrays a newly hired maid who wants to quit because the butler, played by bela lugosi, scares her.
corpus document1576
the great man votes
ivy league scholar gregory vance descends into an alcoholic abyss after the death of his wife. he ends up barely able to hold a job, and a night watchman's job at that. vance's two children, joan and donald, are exceptionally intelligent and benefit from his tutoring. but they are bullied at school by other students and their father risks losing custody of them if he cannot change his ways. new teacher agnes billow is able to help vance become more like the man he used to be, particularly after a political bigwig tempts him ethically with a bribe of a better job in exchange for vance's vote.
corpus document1577
gulliver's travels
on november 5, 1699, lemuel gulliver washes onto the beach of lilliput, after a storm at sea and ultimate shipwreck. following the calm of the storm, the town crier 'gabby' stumbles across gulliver in terror and rushes back to lilliput to warn king little of a “giant on the beach”. but little and king bombo of blefescu are signing a wedding contract between their children, princess glory of lilliput and prince david of blefuscu. all is fine until an argument starts over which national anthem is to be played at the wedding. the argument cancels the wedding and starts a war. after failures, gabby tells king little of the "giant on the beach" (i.e. gulliver), and leads a mob to the beach to capture him. there, the lilliputians tie gulliver to a wagon on which they convey him to the capital. in the next morning, gulliver awakens and breaks himself free; but when they see that the invading blefuscuians are intimidated by his size, the lilliputians enlist his help against their neighbor, treating him with hospitality and making him a new set of clothes. king bombo, who has sent three spies, sneak, snoop, and snitch, into lilliput, orders them to kill gulliver; whereupon the spies steal gulliver's flintlock pistol, confiscated by the lilliputians, and prepare to use it against him. meanwhile, gulliver learns of the war's cause from glory and david, and proposes a new song that combines the two proposed by their fathers. when the spies assure king bombo that they can kill gulliver, bombo announces by carrier pigeon 'twinkletoes', that he will attack at dawn. gabby intercepts this message and warns the lilliputians; but is himself captured by the spies and stuffed in a sack, who prepare the pistol. as the blefuscuian fleet approaches lilliput, gulliver ties them together and draws them disarmed to shore. the spies fire at gulliver from a cliff, but prince david diverts the shot and falls to his apparent death. using david's body to illustrate his point, gulliver scolds both lilliput and blefuscu for fighting; but when they solemnize a truce, reveals that david is unharmed, whereupon david and glory sing their combined song for everyone to hear. the spies released gabby. both thereafter build a new ship for gulliver, on which he departs.
corpus document1578
gunga din
on the northwest frontier of india, circa 1880, contact has been lost with a british outpost at tantrapur in the midst of a telegraph message. colonel weed (montagu love) dispatches a detachment of 25 british indian army troops to investigate, led by three sergeants of the royal engineers, macchesney (victor mclaglen), cutter (cary grant), and ballantine (douglas fairbanks, jr.), long-time friends and veteran campaigners. although they are a disciplinary headache for their colonel, they are the right men to send on a dangerous mission. accompanying the detail are six indian camp workers, including regimental bhisti (water carrier) gunga din (jaffe), who longs to throw off his lowly status and become a soldier of the queen. they find tantrapur apparently deserted and set about repairing the telegraph. however, they are soon surrounded by hostile natives. the troops fight their way out. colonel weed and major mitchell (lumsden hare) identify an enemy weapon brought back as belonging to the thuggee, a hostile indigenous group that had been suppressed for many years. ballantine is due to leave the army in a few days to wed emmy stebbins (joan fontaine) and go into the tea business, a combined calamity that macchesney and cutter consider worse than death. meanwhile, gunga din tells cutter of a temple he has found, one made of gold. cutter is determined to make his fortune, but macchesney will have none of it and has cutter put in the stockade to prevent his desertion. that night, cutter escapes with din's help and goes to the temple, which is all that din had claimed. unfortunately, they discover that it belongs to the thugs when the owners return. cutter creates a distraction and allows himself to be captured so that din can slip away and sound the warning. when din gives macchesney the news, he decides to go to the rescue. ballantine wants to go, too, but macchesney points out that he cannot, as he is now a civilian. ballantine reluctantly agrees to re-enlist, on the understanding that the enlistment paper will be torn up after the rescue. emmy tries to dissuade him from going, but he refuses to desert his friends. due to miscommunication between din and macchesney, the trio foolishly enters the temple by themselves and are easily captured. they manage to free themselves and take the guru of the cultists (eduardo ciannelli) hostage on the roof of the temple. a standoff ensues. when the regiment comes to the rescue, the guru boasts that they are marching into the trap he has set, with the three sergeants as bait. he orders his men to take their positions, but when he sees that they are unwilling to leave him in enemy hands, he leaps to his death in a pit full of cobras to remove that obstacle. thugs then climb the temple and overwhelm the soldiers, and shoot and bayonet cutter. gunga din is also bayoneted, but manages with the last of his strength to climb to the top of the gold dome of the temple and sound the alarm with a bugle taken from a dead thug. he is then shot dead, but the british force is alerted and defeats the thuggee forces. at din's funeral pyre, the colonel formally inducts gunga din as a british corporal and reads the last lines of the kipling poem over the body. (some edited versions of the film omit the four italicised lines which presumably offended the american hays code of censorship): the film ends with a final image of gunga din's spirit standing proudly and saluting at attention in british uniform.
corpus document1579
the hardys ride high
judge hardy is told he has inherited $2 million. he and his family move to detroit.
corpus document1580
hawaiian nights
hotel mogul's son ted hartley simply wants to start his own band, but his father sends him to hawaii to help run one of his properties there. ted takes his musicians along and is offered free room and board by lonnie lane, the daughter of a rival hotel chain's owner, to perform at her family's inn. ted's dad flies over, intending to buy out his rival. he finds out what's going on and intends to put a stop to it, but watching ted's band perform makes him appreciate that his son actually has found his true calling.
corpus document1581
heaven with a barbed wire fence
joe riley (glenn ford) has worked six long years in new york city to save enough money to buy a piece of land in arizona. unable to buy a car (because he spent all his money on the property), he has to travel to his new home by hitchhiking. riley ends up traveling to arizona along with a homeless man and a local female immigrant.
corpus document1582
hell's kitchen
buck caesar (stanley fields) is a paroled convict who makes a contribution to a reform school on the advice of his nephew, jim donahue (ronald reagan), a lawyer. jim feels that the boys in the reform school, including tony (billy halop), gyp (leo gorcey), joey (bobby jordan), bongo (huntz hall), ace (gabriel dell), and "ouch" (bernard punsly), could benefit from the contribution, and he believes the publicity from it will help his uncle. the superintendent, krispan (grant mitchell), does not want the contribution to lead to an audit, as he has been carrying two sets of financial books. he gets a professional hockey team to substitute for the team his school will be playing. his reasoning is that buck will place a large bet on the school and lose, thereby getting him angry and possibly violent, which would violate his parole and send him back to prison. buck does proceed to get angry, and punches the opposing coach, and then hides to avoid arrest. krispan continues in his role as ruler of the school, which had deteriorated under buck's influence. as punishment for their actions while buck was around, krispan locks joey into a freezer, and he dies. the other kids revolt and buck comes out of hiding to aid them. the kids capture krispan and make him go through a trial where they convict him to "join joey". buck, however, has gone to the police, and they arrive in time to stop them. krispan is punished through the proper legal channels, and buck returns to prison for violation of parole.
corpus document1583
heroes in blue
moran, a gangster, hires joe murphy to make a large wager on a horse race. the horse wins, but joe steals the mob's payoff. joe's policeman brother, terry, becomes involved after the gangsters threaten their father, mike. he has to go after his brother to get the money back, while also making sure moran ends up behind bars.
corpus document1584
honeymoon in bali
on a rainy new york city autumn afternoon, the head of a major department store, gail allen, meets her second cousin and best friend lorna for afternoon tea. her cousin, an author of love stories set in the south seas, invites a resident fortune teller to predict gail's future. at first the reading sounds like a hundred others, until she foresees her having a child and meeting a man whose arm was cut by a native's rice knife. the fortune teller predicts as neptune is in her sign at the moment she could find herself walking down a street and taking an unexpected turn where things would change. thinking that her career will come first, gail does not like her predicted future but finds herself taking an unexpected turn that takes her into a shop that sells sailboats. there she meets bill burnett who lives in bali and is holidaying in new york. beginning with bill's injury from a native's rice knife, all of the predictions eventually come to pass.
corpus document1585
honolulu
inspired by stories about doppelgängers and identical twins such as the prince and the pauper, honolulu features young in a dual role as brooks mason—a top movie star—and as hawaiʻi-based businessman george smith. mason is tired of being in the public eye, so when he discovers that smith is close enough to be his twin, he arranges to switch places with smith temporarily. when mason steps into smith's life, he finds himself in a tug-of-war between smith's fiancée, and a dancer named dorothy march (powell), with whom he has fallen in love. meanwhile, smith discovers that being a famous movie star is not all that it is made out to be.
corpus document1586
hotel for women
when she is jilted by her boyfriend, a young woman is encouraged to become a model by the women at the hotel where she is staying.
corpus document1587
the hound of the baskervilles
sherlock holmes (basil rathbone) and dr. john h. watson (nigel bruce) receive a visit from dr. james mortimer (lionel atwill), who wishes to consult them before the arrival of sir henry baskerville (richard greene), the last of the baskervilles, heir to the baskerville estate in devonshire. dr. mortimer is anxious about letting sir henry go to baskerville hall, owing to a supposed family curse. he tells holmes and watson the legend of the hound of the baskervilles, a demonic dog that first killed sir hugo baskerville (ralph forbes) several hundred years ago (seen in flashback) and is believed to kill all baskervilles in the region of devonshire. holmes dismisses it as a fairy tale, but mortimer narrates the events of the recent death of his best friend, sir charles baskerville, sir henry's uncle. although he was found dead in his garden without any trace of physical damage, sir charles's face was distorted as if he died in utter terror, from heart failure. he alone had noticed footprints at some distance from the body when it was found; they were the paw marks of a gigantic hound. holmes decides to send watson to baskerville hall along with sir henry, claiming that he is too busy to accompany them himself. sir henry quickly develops a romantic interest in beryl stapleton (wendy barrie), the step-sister of his neighbour jack stapleton (morton lowry), a local naturalist. meanwhile, a homicidal maniac (nigel de brulier), escaped from dartmoor prison, lurks on the moor. holmes eventually makes an appearance, having been hiding in the vicinity for some time making his own investigation. an effective scene, not in the original book, occurs when watson and sir henry attend a seance held by mrs. mortimer (beryl mercer). in a trance, she asks, "what happened that night on the moor, sir charles?" the only reply is a lone howl, possibly from a hound. after some clever deception by holmes, he surmises that the true criminal is stapleton, a long-lost cousin of the baskervilles, who hopes to claim their vast fortune himself after removing all other members of the bloodline. stapleton kept a huge, half-starved, vicious dog (played by a great dane) trained to attack individual members of the baskervilles after prolonged exposure to their scent. however, when the hound is finally sent to kill sir henry baskerville, holmes and watson arrive to save him just in time. they kill the hound. stapleton then traps holmes down in the hound's underground kennel, and sends watson into the moor to meet holmes. holmes cuts his way out of the kennel and returns to the house and destroys the poison that stapleton had just given to the wounded baskerville. stapleton pulls a gun and flees. holmes says ominously, "he won't get very far. i've posted constables along the roads and the only other way is across the grimpen mire." holmes is praised for his work on the case, and he turns in.
corpus document1588
the housekeeper's daughter
hilda is fed up with her life as a gun moll to gangster floyd and visits her mother, housekeeper for the cultured randall family. professor randall and his wife go on vacation, leaving behind sheltered son robert to embark upon a career as a reporter at hilda's urging. soon after, benny, a feeble-minded flower vendor, follows showgirl gladys fontaine when floyd forces her to join him on his houseboat to take hilda's place. fearing for gladys' safety, benny poisons a cup of coffee intended for the gangster, but gladys drinks it instead. benny watches in horror as floyd tosses the dead girl's body into the river. the next morning, robert reads about gladys' death and attaches himself to hard-drinking, womanizing ace crime reporter deakon maxwell and his photographer, ed o'malley. the trio go to police headquarters, where every bum on the waterfront at the time of the murder has been rounded up for questioning. benny confesses to accidentally killing gladys but is ridiculed and not believed. robert takes pity on the little man and befriends him. after a night of drinking with deakon and ed at his expense, and learning from benny that gladys was thrown from the houseboat, the drunken robert calls his editor and reports the details. waking up the next morning with no memory of the evening's events, robert finds that his story has scooped the other newspapers and that he is being hailed as a true newspaperman. robert's byline story leads floyd to believe that the reporter has the goods on him, and he orders him eliminated. floyd's gang converges on the randall house, where he finds and menaces hilda. benny makes more of his fatal coffee to protect her. deakon and ed are drunkenly shoot fireworks from the roof and, believing them to be gun shots, the gangsters open fire. as the mobsters begin dropping dead from benny's poisoned coffee, the police come to the rescue and robert wins the affections of hilda.
corpus document1589
the hunchback of notre dame
set in paris, france in the late middle ages, the film opens with louis xi, the king of france, and judge jean frollo, the king's chief justice of paris, visiting a printing shop. frollo is determined to do everything in his power to rid paris of anything he sees as evil, including the printing press and gypsies, who at the time are persecuted and prohibited from entering paris. that day is paris' annual celebration, the feast of fools. esmeralda, a young gypsy girl, is seen dancing in front of an audience of people. quasimodo, the hunchback and bell ringer of notre dame cathedral, is crowned the king of fools until frollo catches up to him and takes him back to the church. esmeralda is caught by guards for entering paris without a permit and is being chased after until she seeks safety in notre dame, in which the archbishop of paris, frollo's brother claude, protects her. she prays to the virgin mary to help her fellow gypsies only to be confronted by frollo, who accuses her of being a heathen. afterwards, she asks king louis to help her people, to which he agrees. frollo then takes her up to the bell tower where they encounter quasimodo, of whom she is frightened. she tries to run away from the hunchback until he catches up to her and physically carries her away. pierre gringoire, a poor street poet, witnesses all this, and calls out to captain phoebus and his guards, who capture quasimodo just in time. esmeralda is then saved and starts falling in love with phoebus. gringoire later trespasses the court of miracles but is saved by esmeralda from hanging by marrying him. the next day, quasimodo is sentenced to be lashed in the square and publicly humiliated afterwards. frollo, seeing this, realizes that he can't stop the sentence because it already happened, and abandons him instead. however, esmeralda arrives and gives him water, and this awakens quasimodo's love for her. later that night, esmeralda is invited by the nobles to their party. frollo shows up to the party. afterwards, she dances in front of the nobles and moves away from the crowd with phoebus to a garden where they share a moment between each other. frollo then kills phoebus out of jealousy, and esmeralda is wrongly accused of his death. afterwards, frollo confesses the crime to his brother, and, knowing that the archbishop refuses to help him because he is the murderer, intends to sentence esmeralda to death for it (which he does), saying that she has "bewitched" him. esmeralda is to be hanged in the gallows, but just as this is about to happen, quasimodo saves her by taking her to the cathedral. when gringoire and clopin realize that the nobles are planning to revoke notre dame's right of sanctuary, they both try different methods in order to save esmeralda from hanging. gringoire writes a pamphlet that will prevent this from happening, and clopin leads the beggars to storm the cathedral. at the palace of justice, frollo reads the pamphlet to king louis. after seeing a crowd protesting against the removal of notre dame's sanctuary law, the king realizes that the pamphlet is creating public opinion, which can influence kings to make decisions. however, frollo warns him that public opinion is dangerous. after the archbishop arrives to inform the king of notre dame's attack and that esmeralda is innocent, frollo confesses his crime to the king, for which louis orders olivier to arrest him. afterwards, the king talks to gringoire after reading his pamphlet. meanwhile, quasimodo and the guards of paris fight off clopin and the beggars. afterwards, he sees frollo in the bell tower seeking to harm esmeralda, and throws him off the cathedral top. later that morning, esmeralda is pardoned by the king and freed from hanging, and her gypsy people are also finally freed. then, she leaves with gringoire and a huge crowd out of the public square. quasimodo sees all this from high on the cathedral and says sadly to a gargoyle, "why was i not made of stone, like thee?".
corpus document1590
the ice follies of 1939
larry hall (james stewart) and eddie burgess (lew ayres) have a successful skating act until larry falls in love with mary mckay (joan crawford), an inept skater whom larry insists upon including in the act. fired from job after job because of mary's ineptitude, larry keeps up his spirits by dreaming of producing a colossal ice show. following their latest dismissal, the couple elope, and mary, feeling guilty for damaging her husband's career, convinces douglas tolliver, jr. (lewis stone), the head of monarch studios, to offer her a movie contract. while reading the fine print of the contract, mary discovers that she is forbidden to marry without the studio's permission, and larry convinces her to keep their marriage a secret. meanwhile, eddie is disappointed with how distracted larry has become and leaves town. after his wife's first picture catapults her to stardom, larry finds himself relegated to the position of househusband and leaves for new york in hopes of producing his ice extravaganza. in new york, larry is reunited with eddie in the office of producer mort hodges, who raises the money to make larry's dream a reality. larry's ice follies becomes a smash hit, and with husband and wife now equal in stature, mary and larry hope to revive their marriage. when they discover that they are still separated by the demands of their careers, however, mary publicly announces that she is forsaking her career to return to a life of domesticity. the dilemma of their conflicting careers is finally bridged when tolliver hires larry to produce a musical film on ice starring his wife, thus uniting their personal and professional lives.
corpus document1591
idiot's delight
harry van (clark gable), an american world war i veteran, tries to reenter show biz and ends up in a faltering mentalist show with an inept, aging alcoholic, madame zuleika (laura hope crews). while giving performances in omaha, he is courted by irene (norma shearer), a trapeze artist, who claims to come from russia and hopes both to replace harry's drunken partner in the show and be his lover. they have a romantic night, but he is suspicious of irene's overstated flights of fancy. harry, keeping zuleika, and irene's troupe board trains going in the opposite directions the next day. twenty years later, after a number of jobs, harry is the impresario and co-performer with les blondes, a dance group of six women on a trip through europe. while taking a train from romania to switzerland, they get stranded at an alpine hotel in an unnamed, belligerent country when borders get suddenly closed as war becomes imminent. the passengers watch through the hotel lounge's large windows as dozens of bombers take off from an air field at the bottom of the picturesque valley and fly away in formation. among the passengers lingering in the lounge, harry meets irene, a glamorous platinum blonde with an exaggerated russian accent, who is traveling as the mistress of a rich armaments entrepreneur, achille weber (edward arnold). although she claims never to have been to omaha, harry's casual innuendos show he is convinced that she is the acrobat he knew there and believes that she recognizes him too. an agitated pacifist (burgess meredith) rants to his fellow travelers about weber's guns, which he says are behind the war that just started, and describes for them how the planes they saw disappear over the spectacular snowy mountains will be killing thousands of people in other countries. the pacifist is hauled away and shot by the border police commanded by the impeccably-mannered and friendly captain kirvline (joseph schildkraut), who associates with the travelers while they wait at the hotel. in their hotel suite, an upset irene explodes and tells weber "the truth [she has] always wanted to tell." she blames him for the likely deaths of untold numbers of people in the war, whose victims – in her vivid accusations – might include the newlywed english couple, the cherrys (peter willes, pat paterson), they met at the hotel, all killed with the weapons that weber sells. the swiss border opens again the next day, and the people at the hotel are able to continue on their journeys. they learn they had better be off as soon as possible, because foreign countries are likely to retaliate today for yesterday's air raid and bomb the air field near the hotel, which could get hit by mistake. as everyone rushes to leave, irene finds out that weber has decided to dump her when he refuses to vouch for her flimsy league of nations passport to capt. kirvline, who tells irene she must stay at the hotel. having escorted his les blondes to the swiss border, harry returns to stay with irene. she admits she is the woman he met in omaha twenty years ago and still loves him. harry talks about her future of performing with him and the blondes. they hear approaching planes and are told to run to the shelter, but irene declares she does not want to die in a cellar. as harry tries to take her there anyway, a bomb partly destroys the hotel and blocks their escape from the lounge.
corpus document1592
i'm from missouri
sweeney bliss raises prize-winning mules in missouri. he travels to london with a twofold purpose, to sell mules to the government there and to find a fitting husband for daughter julie bliss, perhaps a british dignitary or someone equally suitable. complications set in when rival porgie rowe also arrives from missouri, persuading the government that his tractors would be of more use to them than sweeney's mules.
corpus document1593
in name only
alec walker (cary grant) puts up with a loveless marriage to maida (kay francis) until he meets widow julie eden (carole lombard). they fall in love and he asks his wife for a divorce. she refuses; as she goes on to tell him, she married him solely for his social position and wealth and won't give them up. she is such a skillful liar that she has alec's parents (charles coburn, nella walker) convinced that julie is out to destroy the marriage. julie breaks up with alec since she cannot see any future with him. on christmas eve, a distraught alec gets drunk, falls asleep in front of an open window, and becomes deathly ill. at the hospital, dr. muller (maurice moscovitch) tells julie and alec's father that the patient is likely to recover if he has the will to live. julie lies to alec, telling him that maida will let him go. when maida shows up and tries to see alec, julie blocks her. with no one else in the room, maida freely admits she gave up the man she really loved for alec's position and his father's wealth. however, alec's parents enter behind her and overhear her cold-blooded admission. maida's plotting exposed, the path to alec and julie's happiness is now clear.
corpus document1594
indianapolis speedway
two auto racing brothers become rivals on the racetrack when the older brother tries to keep his younger one from dropping out of school and becoming a driver too. the stubborn younger brother just gets behind the wheel of someone else's car and the race is on. during the reckless running of the race, the older brother's best friend is killed precipitating the beginning of the end for the older driver.[3]
corpus document1595
intermezzo: a love story
holger brandt, a famous virtuoso violinist, meets anita hoffman, his daughter's piano instructor, during a trip home. impressed by anita's talent, he invites her to accompany him on his next tour. they begin touring together and a passionate relationship ensues. holger's wife margit asks him for a divorce. knowing how much holger misses his daughter ann marie and son eric, and torn with guilt for breaking up his family, anita decides to pursue her own career and leaves holger. holger returns home to see his children again. he first travels to ann marie's school, but as she runs across the street to greet him she is hit by a car in front of his eyes. he takes the injured ann marie back home, and confronts his angry son in an attempt to explain his infidelity. to holger's relief, the doctor informs him that ann marie will survive and eventually recover from her injuries. margit then forgives holger and welcomes him back into his family.
corpus document1596
invisible stripes
cliff taylor (george raft) is an ex-con who wants to go straight, but since being released from prison on parole, he finds it hard to find and hold a job due to his criminal past. cliff's younger brother tim (william holden) is worried because he cannot afford to marry his girlfriend peggy (jane bryan) and increasingly disillusioned about being able to make a position for himself in the world honestly. afraid that tim might end up leading a life of crime like himself, cliff decides to help him find the money to settle down. he tells his family he has found a job as a salesman, but in reality he gets back to ex fellow convict charles martin (humphrey bogart) and they organize a number of robberies. with the money he gets from his criminal activities, cliff is able to buy a garage for his brother, who is now able to get married. cliff, in the meantime, decides to quit the gang. however, after a failed robbery, martin and his pals hide in tim's garage. the police find out, and tim is taken to the police station. cliff manages to exonerate his brother from the charges, but in exchange tim has to identify the robbers and testify against them. before the police can proceed to arrest martin, cliff meets him in his house and tells him to escape before being caught. however, martin's pals, seeing their boss and cliff together, understand that they are trying to escape and kill them.
corpus document1597
invitation to happiness
albert 'king' cole is a talented heavyweight boxer who has potential to achieve the championship. at least his trainer, henry 'pop' hardy thinks so. hardy brings in his friend mr. wayne to sponsor cole. cole meets mr. wayne's daughter, eleanor who is arrogant, but cole manages to catch eleanor's attention. will they overcome their differences and obstacles and be together?
corpus document1598
i stole a million
taxi driver joe lourik gets into an argument with a finance company over payments owed on his new cab. believing that he has been cheated, joe reclaims his payments but is arrested for robbery. escaping with a pair of handcuffs still attached, he jumps on a passing freight train where he meets a tramp who tells him to see patian, a thief and a fence in san diego, who can also remove his handcuffs. after meeting patian, it is agreed that he will remove the cuffs on the condition that joe drive the getaway car for a bank robbery. after the robbery, patian sends joe north to a boarding house in sacramento to wait for his share of the take, but the boarding house owner informs joe that patian isn't good for the money. desperate for bus fare to return to san diego to get his money from patian, joe considers robbing the cash register of the empty storefront of a downtown sacramento flower shop. once in the store, clerk laura benson emerges from the backroom before joe can rob the register. joe falls in love immediately and decides to go straight. with his winnings from a crap game, joe buys a garage in amesville and settles down, however, within a year, the police are on his trail. joe then travels to san diego to demand his money from patian, but patian's thugs force joe to rob a post office. desperate, and afraid that he will be caught if he returns home, joe disappears. some time later, joe sees a picture of his newborn baby in the newspaper and meets with laura, who pleads with joe to give himself up and serve his time so that he can continue his new life. hearing footsteps, joe flees from the police who have followed laura, and laura is arrested and jailed as an accomplice. while laura is in jail, joe comes up with a plan to steal enough money to make laura and his daughter financially secure, and he embarks on a robbing spree which earns him the moniker of "the million dollar bandit." after serving her sentence, laura manages to meet with joe. she again pleads with him to give himself up, and as the police surround them, joe has no other choice but to do so.
corpus document1599
it's a wonderful world
private detective guy johnson (james stewart) is well paid to watch over willie heywood (ernest truex), a wealthy man who likes to drink a bit too much and gets into trouble as a result. however, when heywood's recent ex-girlfriend dolores gonzalez (cecilia callejo) makes a public nuisance of herself over their relationship, a drunk heywood goes to see her. it is a setup. dolores is being held at gunpoint by a man, and when heywood enters her apartment, the mystery man kills dolores and frames heywood for the murder. the only clue is a half of a dime incorporated into a piece of jewelry that the victim managed to snatch from her assailant. guy hurries to the scene soon after and hides his client so he can catch the real killer, but both of them are nabbed by the police, tried, convicted and sentenced: guy to prison for a year, heywood to be executed. it is revealed to the audience that heywood's new wife vivian (frances drake) and her lover, al mallon (sidney blackmer), are behind the whole thing. she stands to inherit heywood's millions. in addition to her lover, the unfaithful woman discovers that her husband ned brown, whom she thought was dead, is alive. brown, an actor, unexpectedly arrives from australia and starts blackmailing her. on the way to jail, guy comes across a clue, a newspaper personal ad from "half a dime" asking to be contacted at a certain location. guy jumps from the moving train into a river, taking along the bumbling policeman handcuffed to him, sergeant fred koretz (nat pendleton). his struggle with koretz is witnessed by noted poet edwina corday (claudette colbert). after knocking koretz out and freeing himself from the handcuffs, he has no choice but to kidnap her to prevent her from sounding the alarm. at first, she believes him to be a dangerous criminal, but she soon discovers he is telling the truth about his mission, and insists on sticking with him, much to his annoyance, as he has a low opinion of the intelligence of women. the trail leads to a small theater group run by madame chambers (cecil cunningham). guy gets himself hired as an actor to better figure out who knows about the half dime. guy brings in his associate, "cap" streeter (guy kibbee), to help with the investigation, only to have edwina mistake him for a policeman and knock him out. meanwhile, vivian and mallon decide it is better to silence her husband rather than submit to his demands. however, mallon kills the wrong actor, a last-minute replacement, during a performance of what price glory?. guy is arrested by the police, but edwina tricks them into going to where brown lives to look for a diary that implicates guy in the first murder. when they drive to the address she gives, they catch vivian and mallon in the process of taking away a bound and gagged brown.
corpus document1600
jesse james
a railroad representative named barshee (brian donlevy) forces farmers to give up the land the railroad is going to go through, giving them $1 per acre (much less than fair price) for it. when they come to jesse's home, jesse (tyrone power) tells barshee that his mother mrs samuels (jane darwell) is the farm's owner. barshee repeatedly tries to force her into selling, until her other son frank james (henry fonda) gets involved. frank fights and easily beats barshee, but jesse shoots barshee in the hand, in self-defence. when arrest warrants are issued for frank and jesse, major a. rufus cobb (henry hull) editor in nearby liberty, missouri and uncle of zerelda (zee) cobb (nancy kelly), jesse's lover, quickly comes to tell them to leave. frank and jesse learn that barshee is responsible for the death of their mother and jesse kills him in revenge. this begins frank and jesse's career as outlaws. they are pursued relentlessly by the unscrupulous railway boss, mccoy (donald meek). three years later, with a $5,000 reward on his head, jesse marries zee and turns himself in, at her insistence, having been promised a light sentence by marshall will wright (randolph scott). but mccoy manages to manipulate the situation through his connections, by having the judge dismissed pre-trial, and installing a new judge, who is likely to favour mccoy's recommendation of imposing the death penalty for jesse. frank breaks jesse out of jail, and the james gang continue their life of crime. eventually zee leaves him, taking their son jesse jr. with her. years later, following an unsuccessful robbery, a wounded jesse returns home and zee joins him in the belief that they will escape to california. meanwhile, bob ford (john carradine), an old member of the james gang, together with his brother charlie ford (charles tannen), contact jesse, claiming that frank sent them to ask jesse to participate in their next robbery. they assert that the job will earn them all, a large sum of money for very little risk. jesse nevertheless refuses the ford brothers' offer, and the brothers exit the house. however, sensing an opportunity to claim the generous reward for jesse's death, bob ford sneaks back inside, and shoots jesse in the back, thereby killing him.
corpus document1601
the jones family in hollywood
the film is one of the seventeen in the jones family b movie comedy series, with its repeating cast of characters.
corpus document1602
juarez
the film focuses on the conflict between maximilian i (brian aherne), a european political dupe who is installed as the puppet ruler of mexico by the french napoleon iii (claude rains), and benito juárez (paul muni), the country's president. in 1863, napoleon iii of france, fearful he will lose mexico to juárez, circumvents the monroe doctrine by instituting sovereign rule and controlling an election that places maximilian von habsburg on the mexican throne. upon his arrival in the country with his wife carlota (bette davis), maxmilian realizes he is expected to establish french supremacy by confiscating land that juárez had returned to the native people and penalizing the rebels under his command. maximilian decides to abdicate his throne but is deterred from doing so by carlota. maximillian offers juárez the position of prime minister, but juárez's refusal to compromise democratic self-rule for the mexican people creates an unbridgeable rift between the two. when the american civil war comes to an end, the united states warns napoleon that it intends to enforce the monroe doctrine by military force if necessary, sending arms in support of juárez's army. their efforts are thwarted by vice-president alejandro uradi (joseph calleia), who seizes the american ammunition and therefore virtually guarantees victory for maximilian. however, napoleon orders all french troops to evacuate mexico, leaving maximilian without an army. angered by this move, carlota returns to paris to appeal to napoleon, but she suffers a mental breakdown. juárez and his rebels capture maxmillian and his men. although arrangements to set him free are made, he insists on remaining with his supporters. tried and found guilty, they are sentenced to death by firing squad.
corpus document1603
judge hardy and son
judge hardy (lewis stone) has two problems. he must rescue an elderly couple from eviction, and he must cope with his wife's (fay holden) life-threatening illness.[2]
corpus document1604
the kid from kokomo
in need of a new prizefighter, manager billy murphy and his sweetheart doris harvey come across one in kokomo, indiana, a kid called homer baston who's got great potential. the kid's a little dim, however, explaining how he can't leave kokomo because his mother abandoned him as a baby but promised to come back. billy and doris convince him to go on the road, where homer will have a better chance of finding his long-missing mother. homer gets homesick, so billy pays the bail of a thief, maggie manell, hiring her to pretend to be homer's ma. she begins spending most of homer's money, and billy's scheme to bring in her pal muscles malone backfires when homer's led to believe muscles is his dad. while falling for marian bronson, a reporter, homer trains for a title fight against curley bender, but is convinced by "ma" to lose on purpose because she owes money to gamblers. in the ring, curley insults his mother, so homer knocks him out. billy and doris look on as a double wedding is held, homer marrying marian while a reluctant maggie and muscles do likewise, becoming his new foster parents.
corpus document1605
the kid from texas
margo thomas, a lady of new york high society, travels to texas with her brother to buy a new polo pony. when they choose cocky cowboy william quincy's favorite horse, he asks to accompany them on the trip back east, and when easy-going ranch hand snifty is chosen instead, william goes along anyway. william's happy that margo's rich aunt minetta takes a shine to him and he develops a romantic attraction to margo, who resents his arrogance and presence on the long island estate so much at first that she asks polo players to pick a fight with him. trying to learn her favorite sport, william leaves the estate in shame after being thrown from a horse during a polo match. he still loves the game, so he and snifty begin a series of wild west polo matches in the city, "cowboys against indians," that become popular. william makes the acquaintance of okay kinney, a young rider who falls for him. margo's brother's team ends up playing his, and after impressing her with his skill, william deliberately loses the match, just to please her.
corpus document1606
king of the turf
jim mason was once a distinguished figure in the sport of horse racing, but his reputation was ruined by a crooked race that caused the death of a horse and a jockey. he becomes an alcoholic and a drifter, forgotten by all. on a freight train, hopping a free ride, mason runs into a young runaway boy called goldie, who has experience as a stable boy. as they become friends, goldie helps him to give up drinking. they attend a horse auction where, due to a technicality, they are able to buy a horse for just two dollars. goldie rides the horse successfully in races, with mason training him. but when the boy's mother, eve barnes, turns up looking for him, mason realizes to his astonishment that eve is his ex-wife, making goldie his own son. at her behest, mason spares him from a risky future in horse racing by pretending to revert to his previous corrupt and drunken ways. goldie refuses, however, to deliberately lose the big race as the crooked gamblers demand.
corpus document1607
king of the underworld
married doctors niles (john eldredge) and carole nelson (kay francis) save the life of a shot gangster. joe gurney (humphrey bogart), the patient's boss, gives niles $500 as a reward, and suggests he take his "million dollar hands" uptown, where he can treat the rich. niles takes his suggestion, but soon neglects his practice for his addiction: betting on the horses. the doctor also starts treating joe's gang without telling his wife. one night, he is called away to do just that. suspicious, carole follows him. when the police raid the gang's hideout, a shootout ensues and niles is killed while joe and his gang escape. though the district attorney (pierre watkin) has no case, he charges carole with being involved anyway just to put on a good show for the public. the trial ends in a hung jury, but her medical license remains at stake. she is given three months to prove it or the license will be revoked. she relocates with her aunt josephine (jessie busley) to a town, wayne center, where two of joe's men have been jailed, hoping to get in touch with the gangster. while on his way to free his men, joe has a flat tire. he initially suspects nearby wanderer bill stevens (james stephenson) of having shot at him, but then a nail is extracted from the tire. when bill mentions that he has written a book about the mistakes that brought about napoleon's downfall, joe becomes very interested, as he is a great admirer of the french leader. he offers bill a ride. bill makes the mistake of accepting, and soon finds himself shot in the shoulder when joe and his gang rescue their comrades from the sheriff. bill is caught. when local doctor sanders (arthur aylesworth) refuses to treat the alleged criminal, carole extracts the bullet. however, bill is unable to provide her any useful information about joe. when bill's claims are confirmed, he is released. he goes to thank carole. aunt josephine persuades him to stay with them for a week to recuperate. joe has bill kidnapped in the middle of the night so that he can ghostwrite joe's autobiography. joe likes bill's suggestion for the title, joe gurney: the napoleon of crime, but bill overhears his plan to kill him after the book is finished. carole is brought, blindfolded, to remove a bullet from joe's arm, received during the rescue. before being released, she is told that bill will be killed if she alerts the authorities. when joe's wound gets worse, he sends for her again. he also complains about his eyes. carole takes a sample to analyze at home. when she is warned that the sheriff and government men are coming to arrest her (a $100 bill joe gave her was traced to a robbery), she devises a plan. she returns to joe's hideout and tells him he has a serious infection, one that will make him go blind in six hours unless it is treated immediately with eye drops. she also insists the infection is so contagious she needs to treat all of the gang. suspicious, joe makes her administer the medicine to bill first. meanwhile, her aunt gives the police joe's location, but begs them to wait until midnight to give the medication time to temporarily blind the recipients. the plan works. the blind gangsters return fire, but soon give themselves up. joe tries to track carole and bill through the house, but is eventually gunned down by the police. bill becomes a successful writer, and he and carole have a son.
corpus document1608
lady of the tropics
while visiting french indochina on his yacht, a wealthy american falls in love with a beautiful, local woman of mixed race background he meets in saigon.
corpus document1609
the lady's from kentucky
a gambler, marty black, wins a fifty percent interest in a thoroughbred owned by penelope "penny" hollis, a prim and proper kentucky horsewoman. marty can't wait to wager on his new possession, roman son, but the health of the horse is foremost to penny, who would rather nurture it than race it. after he enters roman son in a race without her knowledge, marty sees the horse's condition deteriorate. penny permits him to run roman son in the kentucky derby and a romance develops after the horse's victory, particularly when marty agrees to retire roman son rather than race any more.
corpus document1610
law of the pampas
hoppy (william boyd) and his pal lucky (russell hayden) head to south america to look after a herd of cattle sold by cassidy's boss to an argentine rancher. villain ralph merritt (sidney blackmer) wants to get his mitts on that cattle, and he's not above hiring the scum of the earth to do his bidding. fortunately, hoppy, lucky and their new latin american buddy don fernando (sidney toler) make short work of the bad guys in an outsized barroom brawl.[4]
corpus document1611
let freedom ring
the railroad is coming to clover city. railway owner jim knox (edward arnold) wants to increase his profit by purchasing more than just the right of way for his railroad. he wants the surrounding land and he is willing to use illegal methods to get what he wants. when pop wilkie (george 'gabby' hayes) refuses to sell, his home is burned to the ground. witnesses are willing to testify that knox’s employee, gagan (trevor bardette), started the fire but when the case is taken to the local court, judge bronson (guy kibbee), loyal to knox, dismisses the charges. farmer thomas logan (lionel barrymore) also refuses to sell. logan is expecting his son steve (nelson eddy), a recent graduate of harvard law school, to fight for the rights of the farmers of clover city. knox visits logan at his farm and while everyone is busy in the house, gagan goes to the barn to start a fire. steve logan arrives. assessing the hopelessness of fighting knox in court, steve pretends to side with knox. knox is puzzled as to why the fire wasn’t set until gagan is found unconscious thrown across the back of a horse with a note stating that he “forgot the matches.” the people of the town, who had been hoping for steve to handle knox, consider steve a coward. maggie adams (virginia bruce), who runs the local restaurant, loves steve but she can’t forgive him for siding with knox. the only person in town who knows the steve is not a coward is “the mackerel” (charles butterworth) who sees that steve was wounded the night that gagan was found unconscious. he realizes it was steve who fought with gagan and prevented the farm from being burned down. knox has been paying the editor of the local paper, underwood (raymond walburn), to make certain the newspaper is supportive of the railroad and supportive of judge bronson, who is up for re-election. then, the railroad arrives in clover city along with 250 railroad workers. knox tells his men to make certain the workers are all registered to vote in the upcoming election. steve, with the help of the mackerel, abducts underwood, and steals the printing press and printing supplies. keeping underwood prisoner in a cave in the nearby mountains, they print newspapers exposing the corruption of jim knox and supporting the election of thomas logan as judge. the newspapers are written under the pseudonym, “the wasp.” steve and the mackarel make certain the newspapers show up all over town. knox, concerned, about the influence of the newspapers, offers a large reward for the capture of the wasp. chris mulligan (victor mclaglen) searches the mountains for the wasp and is almost successful but he is headed off by the mackarel who offers to search the immediate area and send mulligan to the next mountain over. maggie heads into the mountains to find the wasp and warn him of that mulligan is searching for him but she finds steve. she assumes steve is searching for the wasp. she leaves, expressing her disgust for him. on the eve of the election, the wasp is expected to pick up the latest edition of the paper which is being stored at the logan farm. tom logan and his friends are expecting the wasp and they are surprised when steve shows up to pick up the papers. steve apologizes for deceiving his father but must leave quickly as knox and his men have heard where the papers are stored and arrive looking for the wasp. steve gets away with the papers but mulligan finds him. after a good fistfight, steve is victorious over mulligan, and he has won him over to his side. steve distributes the papers and gives a stirring speech to the railway workers about freedom and liberty. knox counters by telling the workers they will lose their jobs if they don't vote for bronson. when all seems lost, maggie begins singing “my country, 'tis of thee.” steve joins in and soon almost everyone is singing. the workers are convinced. they will vote for logan. mulligan suggests to knox that it would be best if he and his men left town.
corpus document1612
let us live
on the eve of his marriage to waitress mary roberts (o'sullivan), taxi driver "brick" tennant is questioned as a murder suspect along with 120 other drivers, because a taxi served as the getaway car in a theater robbery in which a man was killed. when one of the witnesses swears that brick and his friend joe linden (baxter) were the killers, the district attorney (ridges), eager for a conviction, brings the taxi drivers to trial even though brick and mary were in a church when the robbery took place. although innocent, brick and joe are found guilty and sentenced to die on the electric chair. mary, however, refuses to give up hope, and when she unearths a bullet from another robbery that was shot from the murder weapon, she convinces police lieutenant everett (bellamy) that the wrong men have been convicted. to prove brick and joe's innocence everett and mary search for the real culprits . as the time of his execution approaches, brick is transformed from an idealistic youth into a man whose faith in the system has been shattered. on the day of the execution, mary and everett finally find the real culprits. the governor then pardons brick, but although his life has been spared, his faith can never be repaired.
corpus document1613
the light that failed
in 1865, youngster dick heldar is briefly blinded when his girlfriend maisie accidentally fires his pistol too close to his head. she later tells him that her guardians are sending her away somewhere to be educated, but she agrees when he says she belongs to him "forever and ever". years later, dick (ronald colman) is a british soldier in the sudan. when the natives attack suddenly, he saves the life of his friend, war correspondent "torp" torpenhow (walter huston), but receives a wound to the head as a result. he turns to painting to try to make a living. when his works start to sell, he returns to england. his realistic paintings of scenes from the war in the sudan become immensely popular with the critics and the public. in london, he moves in with torp and is reunited with a grown-up maisie (muriel angelus), a painter like himself, though not as successful. liking the financial rewards, dick is persuaded to sanitize his gritty realism to make his works more attractive to the masses. torp and fellow war correspondent "the nilghai" (dudley digges) try to warn him about it, but he pays no heed; he becomes complacent and lazy. maisie decides to move away and stop seeing him. one night, dick returns to his lodgings to find a young, bedraggled woman (ida lupino) lying on his sofa. torp explains that she fainted from hunger outside, so he brought her in (and fed her dick's dinner). she bitterly gives her name as bessie "broke". dick becomes fascinated; she is the ideal model for "melancholia", a painting that maisie had struggled to complete. he hires her to pose for him. when his vision starts to blur, he goes to see a doctor (halliwell hobbes), who gives him a grim prognosis: as a result of his old war injury, he will go blind, in a year if he avoids strain, "not very long" if he does not. before he completely loses his sight, dick resolves to paint his masterpiece, "melancholia". he drinks heavily, and drives bessie to hysteria to get just the right expression. when torp returns from his latest assignment, dick tells him about his blindness and shows him the painting. while dick sleeps, however, bessie sneaks in and destroys it, unaware of his ailment. when he wakes up, he is blind. torp sees to it he does not learn of bessie's act and sends for maisie. when dick shows her his masterpiece, she cannot bring herself to tell him it is ruined. she leaves. one day, while he is out on a walk, his servant (ernest cossart) recognizes bessie. dick invites her to his home. he shows her the balance in his bank book, proposes she take care of him, and kisses her. realizing he will learn the truth at some point, she then confesses what she has done. once the news sinks in, he changes his plans. dick travels back to the sudan, where he puts on his old uniform and hires a guide to take him to join torp. they ride in on horseback in the midst of a battle. sensing that the british cavalry is about to deploy, dick gets torp to direct him into the midst of the charge, where he is shot and killed by a native.
corpus document1614
the little princess
captain crewe (played by ian hunter), called to fight in the second boer war, has to leave his daughter sara (shirley temple) with her pony at miss minchin's school for girls. with all the money captain crewe can offer, miss minchin gives sara a fancy, private room. although worried about her father, sara is distracted by riding lessons. sara hears news that mafeking is free and expects her father will soon come home. miss minchin throws sara a lavish birthday party. during the party, captain crewe's solicitor (e. e. clive) arrives with the sad news that captain crewe has died and his real estate, the basis for his wealth, has been confiscated. miss minchin ends sara's party abruptly. without her father's financial support, sara becomes a servant, now working at the school she used to attend. sara gains new solace in a friendship with ram dass (cesar romero) who lives next door. she also receives support from miss minchin's brother, hubert, who does not agree with her treatment. in her new role sara gets hungrier and more tired from her arduous duties and sneaks off to veterans hospitals, convinced her father is not dead. after a string of episodes including a performance of the film's most well-known song "knocked 'em in the old kent road", sara is at her wits end. things start to worsen, however, when sara gets into an argument with miss minchin, who cannot tolerate her faith in believing her father is still alive and tries forcing her to face reality. she later receives taunting from lavinia (marcia mae jones) the next day, eventually causing her to lose her temper and dump ashes on her. miss minchin arrives in the attic to punish sara for "hurting" lavinia. she discovers blankets that ram dass left sara, assumes they are stolen, and locks her in the attic, calling the police. sara escapes and runs to the hospital with minchin in hot pursuit. meanwhile, the hospital is preparing to transfer a newly arrived patient, who is unable to communicate except to repeatedly say, "sara, sara"; it is captain crewe, but "his papers have been lost" and no one knows who he is. sara is initially barred from entering the hospital but sneaks in, only to burst in upon a visit by queen victoria, who grants her permission to search for her father. sara searches the wards unsuccessfully, but happens upon her father as she hides from miss minchin and the police. miss minchin, who pursued sara to the hospital, is appalled that her brother thinks sara is innocent. a staff member announces sara has found her father, miss minchin exclaims: "captain crewe is alive?!" to which her brother retorts, "of course he's alive! how could she find him if he wasn't alive?" the film ends with sara helping her father stand as the queen departs.
corpus document1615
the lone wolf spy hunt
michale lanyard, the "lone wolf" (warren william), is kidnapped off a washington, d.c. street and taken to a man whose face is hidden in darkness. the mystery man offers lanyard a job: breaking into a safe. when lanyard declines, he is released unharmed. afterward, a puzzled henchman named jenks states they can open the safe without help. his boss reveals that he has "an old score to settle with the lone wolf". the plans for the new palmer anti-aircraft gun are stolen from the war department and a cigarette deliberately left to incriminate lanyard. fortunately, the thieves did not get all of the plans. palmer kept the key parts. police inspector thomas knows lanyard, one of the few capable of doing the job, is long retired and it is an obvious frameup, but is eager to seize any opportunity to try to jail him anyway. lanyard has an alibi though; he was having lunch with blonde singer marie templeton. at home, lanyard has woman trouble. a widow, he tells his young daughter patricia (virginia weidler) that he is sending her away to school, while his pretty heiress girlfriend val carson (ida lupino) is fuming because he left her at lunch to take a phone call and did not come back. inspector thomas and sergeant devan question him, then leave. at a bar, lanyard meets karen (rita hayworth), much to val's disgust. lanyard accompanies karen and is forcibly taken to palmer laboratories to steal the rest of the plans. he escapes, opens the safe, takes the plans from an envelope, replaces them with one for a baby carriage and reseals the envelope. then he allows himself to be recaptured. he opens the safe and allows the spies to take the envelope. they let him go, certain that the police will arrest him. lanyard entrusts the documents to senator carson, val's father, while he tries to clear himself. he discovers that karen is associated with someone named gregory (played by ralph morgan, but listed in the credits as "spiro"). he crashes gregory's masquerade party, improvising a costume and stealing an invitation from a drunk. he triggers the burglar alarm, then watches undetected as gregory, his vengeful nemesis, opens his concealed safe to check if his share of the plans is still there. lanyard then steals the plans, but is caught. fortunately, he runs into two policemen, brought by the drunk, and escapes. when he gets home, he learns that jenks has stolen his part of the plans from the senator. with a tight deadline, karen asks lanyard to join forces with gregory, but is rejected. patricia sneaks into the trunk of karen's car and is later discovered. lanyard goes after her to gregory's house and is captured with his half of the plans. when val is unable to convince thomas to accompany her to gregory's place, she goes there alone and is easily caught. fortunately, the police spot lanyard's car at gregory's place and arrive in time to save everyone.
corpus document1616
love affair
french painter michel marnet (charles boyer) meets american singer terry mckay (irene dunne) aboard a liner crossing the atlantic ocean. they are both already engaged, he to heiress lois clarke (astrid allwyn), she to kenneth bradley (lee bowman). they begin to flirt and to dine together on the ship, but his notoriety and popularity on the ship make them conscious that others are watching. eventually, they decide that they should dine separately and not associate with each other. at a stop at madeira, they visit michel's grandmother janou (maria ouspenskaya), who approves of terry and wants michel to settle down. as the ship is ready to disembark at new york city, the two make an appointment to meet six months later on top of the empire state building. michel chooses six months because that is the amount of time he needs to decide whether he can start making enough money to support a relationship with terry. when the rendezvous date arrives, they both head to the empire state building. however, terry is struck by a car right as she arrives, and is told that she may not be able to walk, though that will not be known for certain for six months. not wanting to be a burden to michel, she does not contact him, preferring to let him think the worst. meanwhile, terry recovers at an orphanage teaching the children how to sing. six months go by, and during terry's first outing since the accident, the two couples meet by accident at the theater, though terry manages to conceal her condition. michel then visits her at her apartment and finally learns the truth. he assures her that they will be together no matter what the diagnosis will be.
corpus document1617
lucky night
two people meet in a park (cora, played by myrna loy, and william "bill" overton, played by robert taylor). they become acquainted and each discovers that the other is also poor. they try to get 50 cents to eat at a restaurant but a man complains to the police. they convince a policeman to give them 50 cents by saying that they are engaged (which they are not). while walking, they drop the money without knowing it. when their restaurant bill comes to 50 cents, they suddenly realize they must have lost it. someone leaves a coin on the table, bill tells cora to steal it, which she does. bill spots a slot machine in the restaurant and tells cora to gamble, which she does and wins. bill and cora go to a casino, win a car in a game and make more money gambling. the two get drunk and wake up to find out they are married. bill gets a job but still gets the urge to gamble; cora doesn't care to live that life, so she leaves bill and goes back to her father. bill goes to her house to get her back and he succeeds.
corpus document1618
made for each other
john mason (james stewart) is a young, somewhat timid attorney in new york city. he has been doing his job well, and he has a chance of being made a partner in his law firm, especially if he marries eunice (ruth weston), the daughter of his employer, judge doolittle. however, john meets jane (carole lombard) during a business trip, and they fall in love and marry immediately. eunice eventually marries another lawyer in the firm, carter (donald briggs). john's mother (lucile watson) is disappointed with his choice, and an important court trial forces him to cancel the honeymoon. he wins the case, but by that time judge doolittle has chosen john's kowtowing coworker carter as the new partner. jane encourages john to demand a raise and a promotion, but with finances tightened by the depression, doolittle requires that all employees accept pay cuts. after jane has a baby, john becomes discouraged by his unpaid bills and by tension between jane and his mother, who lives with them in their small apartment. on new year's eve, 1938–39, the baby is rushed to the hospital with pneumonia. the baby will die within hours unless a serum is delivered by plane from salt lake city. doolittle agrees to provide funding to deliver the serum, but with a storm raging, and with a wife and children to consider, the pilot refuses to fly. john pleads over the telephone, and the pilot's unmarried friend takes the job. the new pilot almost crashes in the mountains, and the plane's engine catches fire a short distance from new york. the pilot is also injured and knocked unconscious after jumping from the plane and parachuting to safety, but he crawls to a nearby farm house after he comes to. the farmer sees the box containing the serum and telephones the hospital, and the baby is saved. a few years later, john is made partner at the law firm and his son has just spoken his first words.
corpus document1619
the magnificent fraud
akim tamiroff plays an actor performing in a nameless latin american country who is pressed into service when the president is fatally injured by a bomb. impersonating the president, the actor balances the pleasures and temptations of office, dangerous palace intrigue, and his duty to the people of the country. the plot is identical to the 1988 richard dreyfuss film moon over parador; both are based on a short story by charles g. booth called caviar for his excellency. parts of the film were shot in balboa park in san diego.
corpus document1620
the man in the iron mask
in 1638, king louis xiii of france is delighted when his wife bears him a son, louis, the heir to the throne. however, a few minutes later, a second son is born. colbert (walter kingsford), the king's trusted adviser, persuades the king to secretly send the second child, philippe, away to gascony to be raised by his majesty's dear friend, d'artagnan (warren william), in order to avert a possible civil war later. fouquet (joseph schildkraut), a mere cardinal's messenger at the time, finds out about the twin and uses this to advance his career. twenty years later, he is the minister of finance under louis xiv. the king is hated by the commoners for levying oppressive taxes and for executing them for not paying them. fouquet sends soldiers to force d'artagnan and his people to pay the taxes, though the old king had exempted him and his village from them. they are driven off, but return in much greater numbers and, with great difficulty, capture d'artagnan, the three musketeers and philippe. louis is about to order their executions when colbert tells him about philippe's uncanny resemblance to him. as louis is aware of an assassination attempt to take place that day (but not where or when), he makes philippe impersonate him in exchange for his friends' lives. philippe not only survives the ambush, he shows mercy to his would-be killers and is cheered by the people. princess maria theresa (joan bennett), whom louis is to wed to seal an alliance with spain, finds this new louis much more attractive than the real one. however, when she discovers that louis is having an affair with mademoiselle de la valliere (marion martin), she returns to spain. when the truth is discovered, louis has philippe imprisoned with an iron mask placed on his head, hoping that philippe's beard will grow inside the mask and eventually suffocate him. philippe is rescued by the musketeers, who break into the sleeping louis's chamber and imprison him in the mask. the musketeers drag him away and lock him in the bastille, where the jailers mistake him for phillippe, and whip him. when louis manages to get a message to fouquet, he is freed, and a chase by coach ensues to stop philippe from marrying maria theresa and taking louis' place on the throne. the coach is waylaid by the musketeers, who all die heroically, but fouquet and the real louis xiv are also killed when the driverless coach plunges off a cliff. the mortally wounded d'artagnan survives long enough to exclaim "god save the king!" at philippe's wedding, and then falls dead. philippe finally assumes the throne.
corpus document1621
man of conquest
sam houston fights beside his friend andrew jackson and is wounded. not long thereafter, jackson is elected president of the united states and appoints houston as governor of tennessee. houston is married to eliza allen, but his lifestyle as a politician does not appeal to her. their divorce is somewhat scandalous for the time, and houston decides to accept jackson's suggestion that he become ambassador to the cherokee tribe instead. on a trip to washington, d.c., to put forth his argument how the indians are being mistreated in their own land, houston falls in love with margaret lea at a presidential ball. she returns with him to texas, where the next mission for houston is to free the territory from the rule of mexico, either by diplomacy or on the battlefield. stephen f. austin disagrees with houston's methods, preferring peaceful negotiations. but when the army of santa ana heads toward the alamo in tremendous numbers, houston knows there can be no peaceful settlement. he arrives too late to prevent the carnage there, but then leads the texans in their fight for freedom and statehood.
corpus document1622
the marshal of mesa city
because the corrupt sheriff, jud cronin, won't leave her alone, schoolteacher virginia king decides to leave mesa city for good. cronin's cronies intercept her stagecoach, but a passenger, retired lawman cliff mason, foils their plans. virginia must accompany cliff back to town because the stagecoach is damaged. there they discover a marshal has been murdered by cronin's hired gun pete henderson, who gets away with the crime in court. cliff is offered the marshal's badge and duke allison rides to town to become his deputy. in a shootout, cronin is killed by duke, who also perishes. cliff and virginia leave town together.
corpus document1623
mexicali rose
while singing on a radio program sponsored by alta vista oil company, gene autry meets a beautiful woman, anita loredo, when her sweater gets caught on his outfit. forced to stand with him at the microphone while he sings, anita smiles sweetly at the singing cowboy whose romantic words are directed at her. after the show, gene learns that anita helps run an orphanage in mexico with her uncle, padre dominic. she is upset that the orphanage has yet to see any return on their investment in the oil company—money badly needed to help the children. after confronting the head of the oil company, carruthers, gene realizes that his employers are crooked oil promoters trying to peddle the land on which the poor mexican orphanage is located. gene quits his job and travels down to mexico to investigate. along the way he meets a mexican bandit named valdez who, with gene's influence, comes to see himself as a modern-day robin hood. at the orphanage, gene is reunited with anita and meets her uncle. the padre tells gene that he leased the land to carruthers on a royalty basis and that the company has no plans of drilling, content making money by selling worthless shares in a non-existent well. without the royalties, the orphanage will soon go bankrupt. at a fundraising dance held at the orphanage, gene sings a romantic song to anita. valdez arrives and in keeping with his robin hood role, "encourages" those present to contribute to the donation box. meanwhile, carruthers' men arrive and kidnap alta vista's lead engineer blythe, who intended to spill the beans on the company's scheme. gene and frog chase after them and rescue blythe who confirms that there is oil in the area. gene comes up with a plan to get carruthers to start drilling. after identifying the land most likely to contain oil, gene, his sidekick, frog millhouse, and valdez plant oil in the area, upriver from the oil company office. later, when carruthers tastes oil in the drinking water, he and his men track the source of the oil and build a derrick on the site, just as gene had planned. as construction is completed, however, carruthers learns of gene's ruse and abandons the well. trusting that the site will produce oil, gene convinces the investors to buy up the rest of carruthers' stock and drill. when carruthers learns that there really is oil on the land and that his men have sold all his holdings, he begins a campaign of sabotage hoping to buy back the stock. when two orphans go missing, gene tracks them to a cabin where carruthers and his men are holed up. in the ensuing fight, gene is captured but soon escapes when valdez arrives on the scene. the orphans are rescued thanks to the heroic efforts of valdez who sacrifices his life to save the children and dies like a true robin hood. as the well comes in, gene remembers valdez saying, "he was a true friend."
corpus document1624
midnight
american showgirl eve peabody (claudette colbert) arrives in paris from monte carlo during a rainstorm with nothing but her clothes (an evening gown). with no money and no place to stay, she persuades soft-hearted hungarian taxi driver tibor czerny (don ameche) to drive her to nightclubs looking for a job in exchange for her doubling his fare. after an unsuccessful search, tibor buys her dinner and offers to let her stay overnight at his apartment while he finishes his night shift. while attracted to tibor, she slips away. seeking shelter from the rain, eve sneaks into a black tie classical concert. without an admission card, she uses the pawn ticket for her suitcase. stephanie (hedda hopper), the hostess, learns that an imposter got in using a pawn ticket, and interrupts the concert to ask if "eve peabody" is there. eve tries to slip away, but is intercepted by marcel renaud (rex o'malley), who invites her to play bridge in another room. the other players are madame helene flammarion (mary astor) and jacques picot (francis lederer), a wealthy ladies' man. eve introduces herself as "madame czerny" and is partnered with jacques. helene's husband, georges (john barrymore), enters the room and notices the woman who left during the search for the gatecrasher. pretending to recognize eve as the wife of "baron czerny", he chats with her. when the game ends, eve and jacques owe their opponents a few thousand francs. eve thinks she must try to pass an iou, but discovers 10,000 francs in her purse. jacques insists on escorting her back to the ritz, where she claims she is staying. eve is stunned to find a lavish suite reserved for her. meanwhile, tibor searches for her. he recruits his fellow taxi drivers by organizing a pool, where everyone puts in five francs and whoever finds eve wins the money. the next morning, eve awakens to find that "her" luggage has arrived: a set of expensive trunks containing a complete wardrobe. her car and chauffeur are waiting outside. eve is mystified and frightened until georges arrives, her mysterious benefactor. he explains that helene and jacques think they are in love. last night, he noticed that jacques had eyes only for the "baroness". george proposes that eve encourage jacques and break up his affair with helene. georges will pay her well if she succeeds, and jacques might even marry her. he gives her an expense account of fifty thousand francs and invites her to the flammarion estate in versailles for a weekend house party. jacques becomes thoroughly captivated by eve. while driving to the party, the couple are spotted by one of the taxi drivers. he collects the prize money from tibor, who cannot believe she is staying at the ritz under his name. meanwhile, helene learns that stefanie accused the wrong person of being the gatecrasher. suspecting the "baroness", helene has marcel retrieve eve's suitcase. at the flammarion estate, eve and jacques arrive together, much to helene's jealousy. when marcel arrives with the suitcase, they search its contents and find a photograph of some showgirls, one of whom looks like the "baroness". helene is about to expose eve when "baron tibor czerny" is announced. tibor informs the hosts that he has come to be with his "wife". later in private, tibor professes his love for eve, who hints that she feels the same way, but she is still determined to marry for money. the next morning, eve suspects that tibor is about to reveal his true identity, so she explains that the czerny barons are prone to fits of delusional madness, a story confirmed by georges. tibor appears as a taxi driver, but the flammarions simply humor him, and he walks away in anger. jacques offers to help eve get a divorce and then marry her. eve appears in court for a sham divorce. although tibor is angry with her, he accepts payment from georges to go along. during the proceedings, however, tibor pretends to be insane, knowing that this will prevent a divorce under french law. finally cured of her infatuation, helene leaves arm-in-arm with georges, while tibor and eve head to the marriage bureau—much to the surprise of the judge who just denied their divorce.
corpus document1625
missing daughters
kay roberts comes to see radio crime commentator wally king after the death of josie, her sister. josie left home to become a nightclub hostess, only to fall victim to a series of murders covering up a slavery racket. wally goes undercover to investigate with the police department's consent after disparaging their work on his radio program. kay also takes a job as a cigarette girl, hoping to help wally with his work. the nightclub's owner figures out what wally is up to and is about to kill him when capt. mcgraw of the police intervenes, just in time.
corpus document1626
mr. moto in danger island
mr moto arrives in puerto rico to investigate the murder of an american agent and uncovers a smuggling ring.
corpus document1627
mr. moto takes a vacation
american archeologist howard stevens (john 'dusty' king) recovers the ancient crown of the queen of sheba; the priceless artifact is shipped to the san francisco museum. ostensibly on vacation, mr. moto (peter lorre) shows up to guard the crown from a notorious master thief, whom everyone assumes is dead. using a variety of disguises, the very-much-alive thief succeeds in pilfering the crown-only to discover that moto has remained three steps ahead of him throughout the film.[4]
corpus document1628
mr. smith goes to washington
the governor of an unnamed western state, hubert "happy" hopper (guy kibbee), has to pick a replacement for recently deceased u.s. senator sam foley. his corrupt political boss, jim taylor (edward arnold), pressures hopper to choose his handpicked stooge, while popular committees want a reformer, henry hill. the governor's children want him to select jefferson smith (james stewart), the head of the boy rangers. unable to make up his mind between taylor's stooge and the reformer, hopper decides to flip a coin. when it lands on edge – and next to a newspaper story on one of smith's accomplishments – he chooses smith, calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his naïveté will make him easy to manipulate. junior senator smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed, but secretly crooked, senator joseph paine (claude rains), who was smith's late father's friend. smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator's daughter, susan (astrid allwyn). at senator paine's home, smith has a conversation with susan, fidgeting and bumbling, entranced by the young socialite. smith's naïve and honest nature allows the unforgiving washington press to take advantage of him, quickly tarnishing smith's reputation with ridiculous front page pictures and headlines branding him a bumpkin. to keep smith busy, paine suggests he propose a bill. with the help of his secretary, clarissa saunders (jean arthur), who was the aide to smith's predecessor and had been around washington and politics for years, smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys' camp, to be paid back by youngsters across america. donations pour in immediately. however, the proposed campsite is already part of a dam-building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the taylor political machine and supported by senator paine. unwilling to crucify the worshipful smith so that their graft plan will go through, paine tells taylor he wants out, but taylor reminds him that paine is in power primarily through taylor's influence. through paine, the machine in his state accuses smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that smith already owns the land in question. smith is too shocked by paine's betrayal to defend himself, and runs away. saunders, who looked down on smith at first, but has come to believe in him, talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the senate floor just before the vote to expel him. in his last chance to prove his innocence, he talks non-stop for about 24 hours, reaffirming the american ideals of freedom and disclosing the true motives of the dam scheme. yet none of the senators are convinced. the constituents try to rally around him, but the entrenched opposition is too powerful, and all attempts are crushed. owing to the influence of taylor's machine, newspapers and radio stations in smith's home state, on taylor's orders, refuse to report what smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator. an effort by the boy rangers to spread the news in support of smith results in vicious attacks on the children by taylor's minions. although all hope seems lost, the senators begin to pay attention as smith approaches utter exhaustion. paine has one last card up his sleeve: he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from smith's home state, purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion. nearly broken by the news, smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the president of the senate (harry carey). smith vows to press on until people believe him, but immediately collapses in a faint. overcome with guilt, paine leaves the senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide by gunshot, but is stopped by onlooking senators. he then bursts back into the senate chamber, shouting a confession to the whole scheme; paine further insists that he should be expelled from the senate and affirms smith's innocence, to the delight of clarissa. the president of the senate observes the ensuing chaos with amusement.
corpus document1629
my son is guilty
tim kerry (harry carey), a veteran cop in the district of hell's kitchen, welcomes his son ritzy (bruce cabot) after spending two years in prison. ritzy has good friends and his former wife julia (julie bishop) is hopeful that it will go on the right track. but the head of the gang, morelli (wynne gibson) knows that ritzy has good talent for crime, and makes a great offer, very hard to refuse.
corpus document1630
the mysterious miss x
out of work when their play about a police inspector closes, actors keith and scooter are traveling by bus when they run out of money to go farther. a passenger, julie graham, helps them find a room. they instead find a dead body, with police suspecting them of killing a rich businessman named pratt. a new suspect emerges in the form of pratt's secretary, charlie graham, when $5,000 in cash is found in his possession. graham is arrested and daughter julie calls family attorney clarence fredericks to represent him. the actors, meantime, are mistaken for actual detectives when police find the script of their play. they resist a request for their help until the attractive julie also asks, as does alma pratt, the dead man's widow, who offers them a fee to investigate. the boys place themselves in danger, discovering that fredericks is the actual killer. they get out of town safely, with julie riding along with scooter, now romantically involved.
corpus document1631
the mystery of mr. wong
the second in the series of mr. wong features starring boris karloff finds wealthy gem-collector brandon edwards gaining possession of the largest star sapphire in the world, the 'eye of the daughter of the moon', after it has been stolen in china. edwards, at a party in his home, confides to mr. wong that his life is in danger. during a game of charades, edwards is mysteriously shot dead and the gem disappears. unknown to wong, the jewel is in the possession of edwards' maid, drina, who intends to return it to china, but she is murdered also, and the gem is taken again. after one more murder—the suspect list is dwindling—wong exposes the killer, turns him over to police inspector street, and wong orders his manservant willy to return the gem to china.
corpus document1632
nancy drew and the hidden staircase
the elderly turnbull sisters want to donate their mansion for a children's hospital. however, their father's will states that at least one of them has to stay in the house every night for twenty years before they can inherit the estate; there are two weeks left to go. then some strange things start occurring. a stranger forces his way past nancy drew (bonita granville) and brazenly searches the drew house for related affidavits her lawyer father carson (john litel) has obtained. then, the turnbulls' chauffeur phillips (don rowan) dies, though it is uncertain if it was a murder or a suicide. the frightened old ladies consider leaving their home. when nancy recognizes the dead man as the trespasser, she begins investigating, dragging her boyfriend ted nickerson (frankie thomas) into one predicament after another, eventually getting him fired and jailed. when police captain tweedy (frank orth) arrests the two sisters for phillips' murder, their ownership is endangered. just in time, nancy and ted discover a secret passageway in the basement linking it to the neighboring house, owned by daniel talbert (william gould). talbert would make a lot of money if a racetrack were to be built on the two properties, but the turnbulls had turned down an offer to buy their place.
corpus document1633
nancy drew... reporter
nancy drew, competing in the local newspaper's amateur reporter contest, clears a girl named eula denning of murder charges.
corpus document1634
naughty but nice
professor donald hardwick (dick powell), who lectures his students against swing music and jitterbugging, goes to new york city to get his symphony published, but accidentally writes a hit swing song ("hooray for spinach, hooray for milk") with the connivance of aspiring lyricist linda mckay (gale page), which brings him into disrepute with the dean of his college (halliwell hobbes). after the teetotaling professor accidentally gets drunk, hardwick promises to stay in new york city for the summer and write songs with mckay, and they have three more hits. unfortunately, singer zelda manion (ann sheridan) exploits his talents to her own advantage by getting hardwick drunk again, and tricking him into signing a contract with her publisher. his new lyricist, joe dirk (allen jenkins), gets hardwick in trouble by copying a classical piece of music and signing hardwick's name to it. at hardwick's trial, his aunts (helen broderick, zasu pitts, vera lewis and elizabeth dunne) convince the judge (granville bates), a songwriter himself, that the earlier melody was copied from an even earlier piece now in the public domain, and the judge throws the case out.
corpus document1635
never say die
when test results get mixed up, multi-millionaire hypochondriac john kidley (bob hope) is told that he only has a month to live. he dumps his fiancee, juno marko (gale sondergaard), and heads for the swiss spa of bad gaswasser, where he meets a young texas heiress, mickey hawkins (martha raye). mickey has been betrothed to the fortune-hunting prince smirnow (alan mowbray), but is in love with henry munch (andy devine), a bus driver from back home. believing he is dying, and wanting to help out, john suggests that he and mickey get married, planning on leaving her his fortune so that she can marry who she wants when he's gone. on their honeymoon, with henry along as a chaperone, the couple fall in love for real, although, of course, they don't realize it right away. eventually, john bests the prince in a duel, henry and juno get engaged, and john and mickey get to stay together.[4][5]
corpus document1636
nick carter, master detective
nick carter boards an airliner with john keller, the inventor of a revolutionary new aircraft. the pilot makes an unscheduled landing so that his confederates can try to steal keller's plans, but carter holds them off, and stewardess lou farnsby manages to fly them to safety. carter, posing as "robert chalmers", the new assistant to hiram streeter, the boss of the california factory, has lou reassigned to the infirmary. during his investigation, carter receives the unwanted help of bartholomew, who fancies himself an amateur sleuth. a test flight of the new aircraft ends in disaster; the wings are ripped off during a high-speed dive, and the test pilot is killed. it is found that bolts attaching the wings were cut. later, carter finds keller's body in a running car in a closed garage. carter suspects keller was strangled, and the scene staged to look like a suicide. finally, carter notices that each time a part of the blueprints goes missing, a worker has a serious accident and has to be sent home. he surmises that sections of the plans have been photographed, and the film hidden under bandages. he goes to apprehend the plant's doctor, frankton, but frankton is forewarned. unable to leave the factory in time, he has the unsuspecting lou escort a "patient" home. when carter arrives, frankton tells him that lou will be killed unless the doctor shows up at a prearranged rendezvous soon. carter lets him leave, but secretly has the roof of his car painted with a white cross. this enables carter to track frankton in an airplane to a section of the los angeles docks. frankton, his associates, the complete plans and lou race to a waiting ship. carter engages in a firefight with the crew using a tommy gun borrowed from the police. he prevents their getaway, but he and his pilot are shot down. a harbor patrol gunboat arrives (at the instigation of bartholomew), and the villains are forced to surrender.
corpus document1637
the night of nights
dan o'farrell (pat o'brien) was is a brilliant broadway theater playwright, actor, and producer who has left the business. when he was younger, he and his partner barry keith-trimble (roland young) were preparing for the opening night of o'farell's play laughter by getting drunk. when it was time to perform, they were so intoxicated they ended up brawling on stage and fell into the orchestra pit. the two left the theater and continued drinking, until they learn that they have been suspended. at the same time, o'farrell learns that his wife, actress alyce martelle, is pregnant and has left him for ruining her performance in laughter as toni. despondent, he in left the business and went into seclusion. years later, his daughter marie (olympe bradna) locates him and inspires him to return to broadway. he decides to restage laughter with its original cast, but with marie substituting for alyce in the part of toni. hoping to make a glorious return with a show that would be a hit with critics and the public alike, o'farrell enlists the aid of friends to embark on a full-fledged comeback.
corpus document1638
ninotchka
three russians, iranov (sig ruman), buljanov (felix bressart), and kopalsky (alexander granach), are in paris to sell jewelry confiscated from the aristocracy during the russian revolution of 1917. upon arrival, they meet count leon d'algout (melvyn douglas), on a mission from the russian grand duchess swana (ina claire), who wants to retrieve her jewelry before it is sold. he corrupts them and talks them into staying in paris. the soviet union then sends nina ivanovna "ninotchka" yakushova (greta garbo), a special envoy whose goals are to go through with the jewelry sale and bring back the three men. rigid and stern at first, she slowly becomes seduced by the west and the count, who falls in love with her. the three russians also accommodate themselves to capitalism, but the last joke of the film is that one of them carries a sign protesting that the other two are unfair to him.
corpus document1639
of mice and men
two migrant field workers in california during the great depression, george milton (burgess meredith), an intelligent and quick-witted man (despite his frequent claims of being "not that smart"), and lennie small (lon chaney jr.), an ironically-named man of large stature and immense strength who, due to his mental disability, has a mind of a young child, hope to one day attain their shared dream of settling down on their own piece of land. lennie's part of the dream, which he never tires of hearing george describe, is merely to tend to (and touch) soft rabbits on the farm. george protects lennie at the beginning by telling him that if lennie gets into trouble george won't let him "tend them rabbits." they are fleeing from their previous employment in weed where they were run out of town after lennie's love of stroking soft things resulted in an accusation of attempted rape when he touched and held onto a young woman's dress (not shown, but mentioned). while on a bus en route to the new ranch, lennie — who, because of his mental disability, is prone to forget the simplest things or phrases but can only remember about the rabbits—asks george where they are going. george is annoyed about this and tells him about the work cards they got at the bus entrance, which lennie does remember, but incorrectly remembers having them in his pocket, since george has both of them. after being dropped off 10 miles from their destination, george and lennie decide to camp for the night by the salinas river. when george points to lennie the river, he runs to the river and dunks his whole head in it, drinking from it like an animal. george soon catches lennie petting a dead bird, takes it away from him and throws it to the other side of the river for safety reasons. when lennie hears that they are going have beans for dinner, he requests ketchup, to which george responds that they do not have any. at night, as george and lennie are eating beans for dinner, lennie requests for the same thing, with george responding angrily, stating that whatever they do not have is what lennie always wants to have. this leaves lennie puzzled, as he forgot that first response from earlier. this also causes george to have a long speech about lennie's ungratefulness, childlike behavior and why they had to escape from weed. eventually, george eases the tensions by telling lennie his favorite story about their future farm before going to sleep. the next day, they arrive at the ranch near soledad. they meet candy (roman bohnen), the aged, one-handed ranch-hand with his ageing dog he raised since it was a puppy. after meeting with the ranch boss, jackson (oscar o'shea), the pair are confronted by curley, the small-statured jealous and violent son of the ranch owner, who threatens to beat lennie to a pulp because of his height, as curley hates men who are of large stature. to make matters worse, curley's seductive, yet sadistic and conniving wife, mae (betty field), to whom lennie is instantly attracted, flirts with the other ranch hands. george orders lennie not to look at, or even talk to, her, as he senses the troubles that mae could bring to the men. one night, mae enters the barn in an attempt to talk with slim (charles bickford). even when mae explains how her life has been during the depression, slim refuses to listen to her and shuns her, saying "you got no troubles, except what you bring on yourself" and tells her to go back to the house. when this statement causes mae to sob, slim is forced to give in and let her talk. back at the bunkhouse, candy offers to join with george and lennie after carlson puts down his dog, so they can buy the farm and the dream appears to move closer to reality. curley appears and makes a scene in the bunkhouse as the workers mock him after he accused slim of keeping company with his wife. george and lennie's dream is over-shadowed when curley catches lennie laughing, grabs him from his bunk and starts punching him in the face repeatedly. instead of fighting back, lennie asks for help from george, who tells him to fight back. upon hearing george say this, lennie catches curley's hand and crushes it, not letting go until he finds out what he did. slim gives curley an ultimatum: not to tell anyone what exactly happened. if curley does tell his father in retribution to get lennie and george fired, slim will tell everyone what happened. curley is told, for this reason, to say that he got his hand caught in a piece of machinery. on saturday night, everyone, except lennie, candy and crooks (leigh whipper) (because of his race), are in town, enjoying themselves. crooks asks lennie to stay in his room and lennie explains to him about the farm that he, george and candy are going to own, forgetting his promise to george not to tell this to anyone. candy gets into the conversation too, and when george comes back first, he sees lennie smoking a cigar and takes it away, guessing what lennie had done. at that moment, mae enters the bunkhouse, trying to ask crooks who crushed curley's hand. when crooks refuses to respond, mae callously calls the four "bindlestiffs" in an attempt to belittle them. when candy responds with proof of what they are going to do in the future, mae refuses to accept their american dream, calling him an "old goat." when mae tries to get crooks to explain what happened to curley's hand (despite the fact that he was not present), george mentions that nobody did it, briefly leading mae to believe that george was the one who crushed his hand. george tries to explain what they are going to do in the future, and that, if mae keeps constantly flirting with them, she is going to cause the dream to crash. the callous mae refuses to listen, and, while looking for the person who crushed her husband's hand, sees lennie's bloodied and bruised face, and she finds out that he is the one responsible. when mae tries to be kind to lennie and to "thank" him for what he did, george grabs her by the shoulder, berates her and tells her to return to the house. mae refuses to do so, saying that she has the right to talk to and flirt with whomever she comes across. jackson, who happened to be standing by crooks' door, catches george with his hand raised, with the intention to slap mae across the face because of her arrogance and negligence. holding a horsewhip in his hand, jackson silently dissuades him from doing so and to let mae go back to the house unharmed. the next morning, mae confronts curley, who repeats the same statement slim gave him earlier, but because mae knows the truth, she taunts him, calling him "a punk with a crippled hand!" curley then tells her that their marriage is over, and that she is going to be kicked out of the ranch due to her carnal behavior with the ranch hands. she continues to laugh hysterically until she starts to weep, realizing she is now done for. before she can leave, mae enters the barn to pet a few of slim's puppies, when she spots lennie sobbing, after he killed his puppy by stroking it too hard. when lennie tries to leave, knowing he should not be talking to mae as ordered by george, she stops him from leaving and forces him to talk to her. mae explains to lennie what she wanted to be before curley shattered her dream. when lennie tells mae that he loves to stroke soft things, mae allows him to stroke her hair, telling him not to "muss it up." mae starts to resist and scream when lennie strokes her hair too hard. however, when lennie tries to silence mae, he accidentally kills her, breaking her neck unintentionally. this puts an end to their own american dream. when candy and george find mae's body, they tell the others, including curley, who grows infuriated. as a result, a lynch mob gathers to kill lennie. however, george and slim go off alone to find lennie. george tells slim that he has carlson's luger after he and candy see mae's dead body. george and slim separate and go off to find lennie. george finds him first and, realizing he is doomed to a life of loneliness and despair like the rest of the migrant workers, wants to spare lennie a painful death at the hands of the furious and cold-hearted curley. after giving lennie one last retelling of their dream of buying their own land, george shoots lennie in the back of the head with carlson's luger before the mob can find him. when the mob arrives too late, only slim realizes what george has done, and hands the luger to a local police officer as they leave the river.
corpus document1640
oily to bed, oily to rise
the stooges are three hapless tramps. after nearly destroying a farmer's (richard fiske) pile of firewood, and destroying some of his equipment, they hit the road. curly wishes they had a car after they stop for a break. by accident they think they've found a car for free and take it. after driving around for a bit the boys come to the assistance of the widow jenkins (eva mckenzie). she graciously gives them a huge meal and in return they offer to fix her broken outdoor water pump. as the stooges attempt to fix the pump, they discover oil hidden under the farm when the pump turns into an oil geyser. they are happy for the lady and her beautiful daughters, until she regretfully tells them she had sold the farm. the stooges realize she was cheated out of her land by a trio of swindlers (dick curtis, eddie laughton, james craig). they manage to retrieve the deed to the land and are allowed to marry the now wealthy widow jenkins' daughters.
corpus document1641
the oklahoma kid
president cleveland signs the bill allowing the sale of the cherokee strip (actually, the cherokee outlet) in the oklahoma territory. after the money arrives by train, it is then loaded onto a stagecoach which subsequently gets robbed by whip mccord (humphrey bogart) and his gang. jim kincaid, also known as "the oklahoma kid", (james cagney) sees the robbery, and then ambushes the gang and makes off with the money. settlers are arriving to stake their property claims in what would be the cherokee strip land run of 1893. at a settlers' dance, the kid meets jane hardwick (rosemary lane), daughter of judge hardwick (donald crisp), dancing with her and asking if she can "feel the air." before the new territory is opened, mccord sneaks in with his cronies and stakes a "sooner" claim. when john kincaid (hugh sothern) and his son, ned kincaid (harvey stephens), arrive, mccord uses his illegal claim to blackmail them into granting him the saloon and gambling concessions in exchange for the site that they had planned to develop into a town. after the area is built and developed, it is overcome by crime and unlawful killings under mccord's influence. hoping to bring about law-and-order, judge hardwick and ned campaign to elect john kincaid as mayor of tulsa, but when another candidate is killed, mccord frames john kincaid and has him arrested for murder. while living with mexicans in a small cabin, the kid reads in a newspaper about the arrest of his father. even though he was cast aside as the black-sheep son because of his penchant for vigilantism, he rides into town in order to free his father from jail. after the kid raids the jail and enters his father's cell, john remains true to his belief in law and order. he refuses to escape and instead wants to fight his arrest judicially. the kid leaves before being caught. upon learning that the kid is john kincaid's son, mccord incites a mob at his saloon. then, led by three of his own men, they break into the jail which allows mccord's cronies to lynch kincaid over the outside balcony of the jailhouse. in exacting vengeance, the kid tracks down those who murdered his father. worried for his safety, jane tries to dissuade the kid, telling him that she loves him. he suggests she would be better off with the more respectable and upstanding ned and carries on with his mission. he kills three of the gang when they don't surrender peacefully, but brings back ace doolin (edward pawley) in order to testify against mccord. ned and the kid seek out mccord at his saloon. while attempting an arrest, ned is shot by mccord. the kid and mccord engage in fisticuffs, and the kid is nearly killed, but ned shoots down mccord before dying himself. jane asks the kid to stay, but he declares his intention to leave his unhappy memories of oklahoma behind and head for the arizona territory. jane notes that if he plans to do any "empire-building" he won't be able to do it by himself. judge hardwick arrives and, despite the kid's mild and short-lived protests, jane has her father quickly marry the two.
corpus document1642
the old maid
set during the american civil war, the story focuses on charlotte lovell and her cousin delia, whose wedding day is disrupted when her former fiance clem spender returns following a two-year absence. delia proceeds to marry jim ralston, and charlotte comforts clem, who enlists in the union army and is later killed in battle. shortly after his death, charlotte discovers she is pregnant with clem's child, and in order to escape the stigma of an illegitimate child, she journeys west to have her baby, a daughter she names clementina (or "tina"). following the end of the war, charlotte and tina relocate to philadelphia, where charlotte opens an orphanage. delia is the mother of two children, and charlotte is engaged to marry joe ralston, her cousin's brother-in-law. on her wedding day, charlotte tells delia that tina is her child by clem, and delia stops joe from marrying charlotte by telling him that she is in poor health. the cousins become estranged, but when jim is killed in a horseriding accident, delia invites charlotte and tina to move in with her and her children. tina, unaware charlotte is her birth mother, assumes the role of delia's daughter and calls charlotte her aunt. fifteen years pass, and tina is engaged to wealthy lanning halsey. still unaware charlotte is her mother, she begins to resent what she considers her interference in her life, and when delia offers to formally adopt tina in order to provide her with a reputable name and a prominent position in society, she gladly accepts. charlotte intends to tell tina the truth before her wedding but finds herself unable to do so. charlotte confronts delia and reveals she resents the fact both clem and tina loved delia more than they did her. delia tells tina that charlotte sacrificed her own happiness by refusing to marry a man who did not want to raise tina as his own. delia urges tina to kiss charlotte last when tina prepares to depart with her new husband. tina complies, and her gesture leaves charlotte happy and willing to share the rest of her life with delia as a friend rather than an adversary.
corpus document1643
on borrowed time
brink (sir cedric hardwicke) has recently taken pud's (bobs watson) parents in an auto wreck. brink later comes for gramps (lionel barrymore). believing brink to be an ordinary stranger, the crotchety old gramps orders mr. brink off the property. pud comes out of the house and asks who the stranger was. gramps is surprised and relieved that someone else could see the stranger; he was not merely a dream or apparition. pud tells gramps that when he does a good deed, he will be able to make a wish. because his apples are constantly being stolen, gramps wishes that anyone who climbs up his apple tree will have to stay there until he permits them to climb down. pud inadvertently tests the wish when he has trouble coming down from the tree himself, becoming free only when gramps says he can. pud's busybody aunt demetria (eily malyon) has designs on pud and the money left him by his parents. gramps spends much time fending off her efforts to adopt the boy. brink takes granny nellie (beulah bondi) in a peaceful death just after she finishes a bit of knitting. when mr. brink returns again for gramps, the old man finally realizes who his visitor is. determined not to leave pud to demetria, gramps tricks mr. brink into climbing the apple tree. while stuck in the tree, he cannot take gramps or anyone else. the only way anyone or anything can die is if he touches mr. brink or the apple tree. demetria plots to have gramps committed to a psychiatric hospital when he claims that death is trapped in his apple tree. gramps proves his story first by proving that his doctor, dr. evans (henry travers), can not even kill a fly they have captured. he offers further proof of his power by shooting mr. grimes (nat pendleton), the orderly who has come to take him to the asylum; grimes lives when he should have died. dr. evans is now a believer, but he tries to convince gramps to let death down so people who are suffering can find release. gramps refuses, so the doctor arranges for the local sheriff to commit gramps while pud is delivered to demetria's custody. with the help of his housekeeper (una merkel), gramps tricks both of them into believing they are scheduled to go with mr. brink when he comes down from the tree. they beg gramps to convince brink otherwise, and demetria vows never to bother gramps or pud again. gramps realizes that sooner or later he will have to let brink down; death is an unavoidable part of life. he tries to say goodbye to pud, who reacts angrily and tries to run away. mr. brink sees pud in the yard and dares him to climb the tree. pud gets over the fence gramps has had built around the tree, but falls and is crippled for life. distraught, gramps lets death down from the tree. he takes both gramps and pud, who find they can walk again. in the final scene, they walk together up a beautiful country lane and hear granny nellie calling to them from beyond a brilliant light.
corpus document1644
on dress parade
a hero of world war i, colonel william duncan (don douglas), is on his deathbed. he summons his old friend, colonel mitchell reiker (john litel) to ask him if he will care for his son slip (leo gorcey) when he dies. reiker agrees, and when duncan passes, slip, who does not want to leave the neighborhood he grew up in, is tricked into attending the military school that reiker is in charge of. cadet major rollins (billy halop) tries to help slip reform and adapt to military life, but is thrown out a window for his troubles. he continues to have altercations with all of the other cadets, but in the end he winds up saving the life of cadet warren (gabriel dell) during a fire in the camp munitions storeroom. although he is seriously injured during the rescue, the other cadets respect his efforts and welcome him as one of their own. for his heroics he is given his father's distinguished service cross and given the title of cadet major.
corpus document1645
only angels have wings
geoff carter (grant) is the head pilot and manager of barranca airways, a small, barely solvent company owned by "dutchy" van ruyter (sig ruman) carrying airmail from the fictional south american port town of barranca through a high pass in the andes mountains. bonnie lee (arthur), a piano-playing entertainer, arrives on a banana boat one day. after making her acquaintance, joe souther (noah beery jr) crashes and dies trying to land in fog later that day. bonnie becomes infatuated with geoff, despite his fatalistic attitude about the dangerous mountain flying, and stays on in barranca (not at his invitation, as he insists on telling her). the situation is complicated by the appearance of pilot bat macpherson (richard barthelmess) and his wife, geoff's old flame judy (rita hayworth). macpherson is really an alias for kilgallen. he is shunned and cannot find work for having once bailed out of a plane, leaving his mechanic — the brother of "kid" dabb (thomas mitchell), carter's best friend — to be killed in the resulting crash. when geoff is forced to ground the kid because of failing eyesight, he is short on pilots and offers to hire macpherson on the understanding that he will fly the most dangerous assignments. macpherson accepts. dutchy will secure a lucrative government mail contract if he can provide reliable mail service during a six-month trial period. on the last day of barranca airways' probation, bad weather closes the mountain pass. geoff decides to fly a new ford trimotor over the mountains. the kid asks to go with him as co-pilot. when geoff refuses him, the kid suggests tossing a coin to decide the matter. when it lands on the floor, geoff discovers that the kid's coin has two heads. geoff still agrees to take him along. just before leaving, bonnie tries to talk geoff out of going. she takes his gun out of his holster and points it at him. knowing that she cannot stop him, she drops the gun on the table, but it accidentally fires, hitting geoff in the shoulder. unable to fly, geoff lets macpherson take his place. however, macpherson and the kid are unable to climb high enough; the plane stalls and falls off. geoff tells them to turn around, but they decide to try to fly through the fogged-in pass. they encounter a flock of condors. one crashes through the windshield, injuring the kid; another hits the no. 1 engine, setting it on fire. later the no. 2 engine also catches fire. the paralyzed kid tells macpherson to bail out, but bat refuses. he manages to crash-land the burning trimotor in barranca. the kid dies from a broken neck, but not before telling geoff of macpherson's valor. as a result, macpherson is finally accepted by the other pilots. bonnie is torn between leaving and staying, and confronts geoff in the hope he will ask her to stay. however, geoff does not. then the weather clears and geoff has to rush off to secure the all-important contract. before he goes, he offers to toss a coin to decide: heads, she stays; tails, she leaves. bonnie is disappointed by his seemingly cavalier attitude. as he leaves, geoff gives her the coin as a "souvenir." at first she is distraught, but then she discovers that the coin has heads on both sides and realizes it was geoff's way of asking her to stay.
corpus document1646
the oregon trail
jeff scott is sent to investigate problems with wagon trains attempting to make the journey to oregon. sam morgan has sent his henchmen, under lead-henchman bull bragg, to stop the wagon trains in order to maintain control of the fur trade in the area.
corpus document1647
the outsider
anton ragatzy is an infamous osteopath, known for his controversial methods of curing disability. ragatzy uses a machine invented by himself which will either cure the patients permanently, or will leave them disabled forever. a board of surgeons disagree with ragatzy's methods and want to ban him from acting as an osteopath. ragatzy wants to change their minds, and decides to cure the daughter of one of the surgeons, joseph sturdee. lalage "lally" sturdee has been disabled since birth and lives with her fiercely protective father. she composes famous musical scores and is in love with her close friend basil. ragatzy manages to meet lally and offers her treatment, but she refuses. however, when she sees basil and her friends having fun swimming while she is unable to join in, she changes her mind and contacts ragatzy. ragatzy promises to help her and invites her to live in his house for one year while the treatment takes place so that she can receive the best care. ragatzy knows of lally's love for basil and believes that it will help in her treatment. basil has fallen in love with another woman, wendy, but continues to visit lally out of a sense of duty. ragatzy finds that he himself is falling in love with lally, but keeps his distance. basil promises to visit lally on new year's eve, but instead sees the new year in with wendy. to spare her feelings, ragatzy buys flowers for lally and pretends they are from basil. lally completes her treatment and ragatzy arranges for the board of surgeons to be present while lally takes her first steps. basil promises wendy that if lally can walk, he will marry her, but if lally is still disabled he must stay with her. ragatzy and lally realise their feelings for each other. he helps her to her feet, but the surgeons are still suspicious. ragatzy encourages lalage to walk, but she confesses that she can't. the surgeons leave and lally carries on trying to walk but keeps falling down. ragatzy expresses his frustration that he will now be unable to carry on practising, while lally is furious that ragatzy is only concerned with his reputation. joseph sturdee arrives and is angered that his daughter is disabled for life, and hits ragatzy. lally hears the commotion and walks over to defend ragatzy. the film ends with lally united with her father and ragatzy.
corpus document1648
outside these walls
walen plays dan sparling, a convicted embezzler who becomes editor of his prison newspaper. after serving out his sentence, he sets up an independent newspaper devoted to attacking corruption in public life, encountering various difficulties due to his being an ex-con and opposition from the incumbent administration.
corpus document1649
pacific liner
in 1932, aboard the passenger ship, the s.s. arcturus, engineer "crusher" mckay (victor mclaglen) runs a "tight ship", both beloved and feared by his men. the ship's doctor, "doc" tony craig (chester morris), has signed on in shanghai to be on the san francisco bound trip. he wants to be near his former sweetheart, nurse ann grayson (wendy barrie). crusher is also attracted to ann but his clumsy courtship soon sets up a rivalry between him and the doc. while under way, a chinese stowaway infected with cholera is discovered below decks. both doc and crusher are at odds with what to do. while still far from shore, the disease spreads to the men who are working on the ship's boilers. crusher orders the doors to the decks above bolted shut, so that passengers have no idea of what is happening below. while the upper-class is being sheltered, the stokers down below begin to get sick. as panic breaks out, with crusher's men stricken by cholera, ann and doc try to keep the disease isolated. the dead stokers have to be fed into the steamship's boilers. when crusher falls ill, his men begin to mutiny and only his stubborn determination keeps the boilers stoked. the medical team on topside is thrown together, with ann and doc rekindling their previous romance. crusher's bravery eventually brings the s.s. arcturus safely to san francisco.
corpus document1650
panama lady
panama lady is a cleaned-up remake of the 1932 helen twelvetrees film vehicle panama flo. lucille ball essays the old twelvetrees role as lucy, a nightclub "hostess" stranded in panama by her ex-lover roy (donald briggs). victimized by a shakedown orchestrated by roy, oil rigger mcteague (allan lane) holds lucy responsible. to avoid landing in jail, lucy agrees to accompany mcteague to his oil camp as his housekeeper. assuming she's been brought to this godforsaken spot strictly for illicit purposes, lucy eventually realizes that mcteague's intentions are honorable: all he wants is his money back, and he expects our heroine to work off the debt on her feet. ultimately, lucy and mcteague fall in love, but not before the scurrilous roy re-enters her life.
corpus document1651
paris honeymoon
bing crosby plays the role of lucky lawton, a cowboy millionaire, who is about to marry barbara (shirley ross). unfortunately there has been a delay in finalizing barbara's divorce from her previous husband and while this is being sorted out in paris, lawton is persuaded to visit a balkan town - pushtalnick - where he stays in a castle and has various misadventures. the elected rose queen - manya (franciska gaal) - takes a liking to lawton and romantic interludes take place. lawton returns to paris for his wedding but is still thinking about manya and he returns to pushtalnick in time prevent manya marrying peter (akim tamiroff). lawton and manya then drive off together.
corpus document1652
private detective
millard lannon (john eldredge) sues his ex-wife mona lannon (gloria dickson) for the custody of their son. the owner of the nation-wide detective agency, where myrna winslow (jane wyman) works asks her to testify against mona. myrna refuses because millard only wants the custody of his son to have access to the child's trust fund. when her boss insist that she testify, myrna decides to quit her job and marry her boyfriend police lieutenant jim rickey (dick foran). jim is thrilled when myrna arrived at the police station and wish to be married that night. however, myrna is distracted when she overhears an incoming call from millard, demanding police protection because mona has threatened his life. this was a scheme concocted by his lawyer, nat flavin (morgan conway) who kills millard in his home later that night. mona was seen leaving his house just as the gunshot is heard by a neighbor. myrna tags along as jim and his assistant brody (maxie rosenbloom) investigate the crime. she finds mona hiding in a hotel and tells her that the police suspect her fiancé donald norton (john ridgely). mona lies and says she is the killer. myrna believes mona is innocent and helps her escape. meanwhile, nat is trying to persuade donald to turn mona in and also hire him as her defense lawyer. jim and brody arrive at donald's home. they have a confrontation with donald and he escapes. myrna decides to help both mona and donald. she questions nat the next morning and learned that he has appointed himself the legal guardian of mona's son. jim is not happy with myrna's interference in the case. myrna later finds evidence confirming nat's guilt in his office. she writes a report saying that nat killed millard, and framed mona in order to get her son's trust fund. as she is telling jim on the telephone to meet her at the office, nat arrives and knocks myrna unconscious and takes her to his beach house. he is met by his partner millard's chauffeur, chick jerome. while the unconscious myrna is placed in a car in the garage, mona and donald arrived to give nat a retainer to defend them. jim and brady burst in, just when chick is about to give mona and donald poisoned drinks. they had found myrna's report about nat in his office, and rescued myrna before she asphyxiated in the car. after a struggle, they successfully captured nat and chick.
corpus document1653
the private lives of elizabeth and essex
the earl of essex (errol flynn) returns in triumph to london after having dealt the spanish a crushing naval defeat at cadiz. in london, an aging queen elizabeth (bette davis) awaits him with love, but also with fear, because of his popularity with the commoners and his consuming ambition. his envious rivals include sir robert cecil (henry daniell), lord burghley (henry stephenson), and sir walter raleigh (vincent price). his only friend at court is francis bacon (donald crisp). instead of the praise he is expecting, essex is stunned when elizabeth criticizes him for his failure to capture the spanish treasure fleet as he had promised. when his co-commanders are rewarded, essex protests, precipitating a break between the lovers. he leaves for his estates. elizabeth pines for him, but refuses to degrade herself by recalling him. but when hugh o'neill, 2nd earl of tyrone (alan hale, sr.) revolts and routs the english forces in ireland, the queen has the excuse she needs to summon essex. she intends to make him master of the ordnance, a safe position at court. however, his enemies goad him into taking command of the army to be sent to quash the rebellion. essex pursues tyrone, though his letters to elizabeth begging for much-needed men and supplies go unanswered. unbeknownst to him, his letters to her, and hers to him, are being intercepted by lady penelope grey (olivia de havilland), a lady-in-waiting who loves him herself. finally, elizabeth, believing herself to be scorned, sends him an order to disband his army and return to london. furious, essex ignores it, orders a night march and thinks he has finally cornered his foe. however, at a parley, tyrone points out the smoke rising from the english camp, signifying the destruction of the food and ammunition the english army needs. with no alternative, essex accepts tyrone's terms; he and his men disarm and sail back to england. thinking he has been betrayed, he leads his army in a march on london, to seize the crown for himself. elizabeth offers no resistance to his forces, but once alone with him, convinces him that she will accept joint rule of the kingdom. he then naively disbands his army and is quickly arrested and condemned to death. the day of his execution, elizabeth can wait no longer. she summons him, hoping he will abandon his ambition in return for his life (which she is eager to grant). however, essex tells her that he will always be a danger to her, and walks to the chopping block.
corpus document1654
raffles
a.j. raffles, the celebrated cricketer, is welcomed in the parlours and country estates of high society. this circumstance he uses to his advantage in his secret career as "the amateur cracksman", a master burglar and safecracker who remains always one step ahead of scotland yard. an old school friend, bunny manders, reintroduces raffles to his sister, gwen, with whom raffles had been infatuated a decade ago. raffles falls in love with her all over again, and she with him. when bunny confides a crushing gambling debt over which he is considering suicide, raffles assures him the money can be obtained. he plans to accept a weekend invitation to the country house of lord and lady melrose; lady melrose's famous jewellery can easily solve bunny's problem. however, another guest is inspector mackenzie incognito, who clearly suspects raffles of being the cracksman. raffles plots to frame a petty criminal with the jewel theft...but keep the jewellery, of course.
corpus document1655
the rains came
the story centers on the redemption of its lead female character. george brent is tom ransome, an artist who leads a rather dissolute if socially active life in the town of ranchipur, india. his routine is shattered with the arrival of his former lover, lady edwina esketh (myrna loy) who has since married the elderly lord esketh (nigel bruce). lady edwina first sets out to seduce, then gradually falls in love with, major rama safti (tyrone power) who represents the "new india." ranchipur is devastated by an earthquake, which causes a flood, which causes a cholera epidemic. lord esketh dies and lady esketh renounces her hedonistic life in favor of helping the sick alongside major safti. unfortunately, she becomes infected and dies, making it possible for safti to become the ruler of a kingdom that he will presumably reform. in the course of the story, a missionary's daughter, fern simon (brenda joyce), and ransome also fall in love.
corpus document1656
the real glory
in 1906, alipang (tetsu komai) and his muslim moro guerrillas are terrorizing the people of the philippine island of mindanao, raiding villages, killing the men, and carrying off the women and children for slaves. instead of maintaining garrisons indefinitely to protect the filipinos, the u.s. army tests out a new tactic at fort mysang. the army detachment is replaced by a handful of officers – colonel hatch (roy gordon), captains manning (russell hicks) and hartley (reginald owen), and lieutenants mccool (david niven) and larsen (broderick crawford) - who are to train the native philippine constabulary to take over the burden. army doctor lieutenant canavan (gary cooper) is sent along to keep them healthy. they are welcomed by a skeptical padre rafael (charles waldron). alipang starts sending fanatical juramentados to assassinate the officers and goad them into attacking before the natives are fully trained. hatch is the first victim, leaving manning to take command. manning's wife (kay johnson) and hartley's daughter linda (andrea leeds) arrive for a visit at the worst possible time; a horrified mrs. manning witnesses her husband's murder. hartley takes charge, but canavan disagrees with his by-the-book, overcautious approach. disobeying orders, canavan sets out for alipang's camp guided by miguel (benny inocencio), a young moro boy he has befriended. "mike" (as canavan calls him) infiltrates the camp and learns that alipang has sent another assassin, this time for hartley. canavan and mike intercept the man and take him back a prisoner. linda and canavan fall in love, much to the disappointment of mccool and larsen. when hartley insists she leave mysang with mrs. manning, she refuses and helps out at the hospital. alipang then dams the river on which the villagers depend. hartley refuses to send a detachment into the jungle to blow it up (he is concealing the fact that he is slowly going blind from an old head wound). the people have to rely on an old well, but the contaminated water causes a cholera epidemic. finally, hartley has no choice but to send larsen and some men to destroy the dam. they do not return. the datu (vladimir sokoloff), a supposedly friendly moro leader, offers to guide hartley and his men to the dam, but he is actually leading them into an ambush. canavan learns of the datu's treachery from mike, the sole survivor of larsen's detachment, and races to warn hartley. canavan forces the datu to take him to the dam. the datu is killed in a booby trap, but canavan manages to dynamite the dam anyway. then, he and the men raft back to the village, which is under attack by alipang's men. mccool is killed leading the defense, but canavan and the rest return in time to turn the tide. alipang is killed by filipino lieutenant yabo (rudy robles). their mission accomplished, the hartleys and canavan depart, leaving the village in yabo's care.
corpus document1657
remember?
following an establishing shot of the new york city skyline, an elevator in a busy office building opens and happy-go-lucky sky ames (lew ayres) steps out. in a joyful mood, singing to himself, he takes out a ring, puts it on third finger of his left hand and goes to the door marked "eaton, eiton, piper & holland advertising agency". inside, miss wilson (sara haden), secretary to his best friend, jeff holland (robert taylor) tells him that jeff is in a meeting. showing her the ring, sky explains that during the first vacation he took without jeff, he met "the most wonderful girl in the world". in jeff's office, mr. mcintyre (george barbier) the ill-tempered health-tonic tycoon is complaining to jeff and his elderly deaf partner, mr. piper (richard carle) that after spending a million dollars per year on advertising, he has the right to anticipate better results and, "if you can't put over this health tonic, i'll take the account to another advertising firm that can". he leaves, telling jeff that he expects to see him at the 3 o'clock board meeting, angrily adding "sharp". spotting sky, jeff asks about his trip to nassau and sky invites him for lunch at the colony, a luxury restaurant renowned for its elite patronage.[3] upon entering the colony, while sky is completing his hat check, jeff spots a beautiful woman (greer garson) and when sky asks, "what is it?", tells him, "just about the nicest thing i ever saw in my life, that's all". sky then introduces the woman, linda bronson, to jeff and asks, "do you like her well enough to marry her?" and jeff answers, "uh-huh, will you marry me?". sky explains that he meant himself and jeff says, "well, i'm sorry, old man, but i'm gonna marry her, too". leaving sky behind, jeff leads linda to a table and when she informs him that her wedding to sky is "next week", offers to marry her "tomorrow" and tells sky, "you're going to be our best man". when linda says to sky, "your friend here works pretty fast", sky answers, "well, he could work a lot faster if he tried. for instance, he could elope with you and not tell me anything about it, you know, just send me back a postcard". meanwhile, back at the office, piper is worried that jeff hasn't returned for the meeting with mcintyre. he tells miss wilson to call the restaurant, while, at the table, sky explains his ideas about time and memory, "if you really want to forget a thing, you musn't try to forget it", and jeff reacts with, "there he goes again, that same old theory". jeff persists with linda in front of sky and, when a telephone is brought to the table, jeff pretends that miss wilson's call is really in regards to sky, because his office has been looking for him "all over town". when linda tries to leave along with sky, however, since she has a hairdresser's appointment, jeff holds her by the arm and says that he will take care of the check and look after linda. as he departs, sky mentions that he will see linda that evening at her house and says, "funny they should have called me at your office". back at jeff's office, piper is apologizing on the phone to mcintyre for jeff's absence at the meeting, while mcintyre, with his assistant sky standing next to him, is becoming increasingly angry and asks sky, "what did you do with him?". sky replies, "well, he was all right when i left him at the colony — he was with my girl". at the colony, jeff and linda are still sitting, while the other tables are now empty, the headwaiter, marcel (armand kaliz) answers the phone and, as jeff waves his arms, says, "he's not here". as evening arrives at the mansion of linda's parents, the fashionably dressed guests are awaiting linda who is late. the exasperated father (reginald owen) asks linda's mother (billie burke), "how on earth does she expect us to know somebody we've never even met?" and she responds, "oh, don't be silly, dear — i never knew you before i met you, did i?" the doorbell rings and the butler opens the door to sky. mrs. bronson greets him and says, "come meet your father-in-law, now, he's my husband, you know, but i call him george". as sky is introduced to the guests and mr. bronson, the doorbell again rings and linda arrives with jeff, explaining that she lost all track of time. while she goes up to change, jeff is introduced to mrs. bronson's sister, mrs. carruthers (laura hope crews) and is subsequently discomfited by all the attention and the talk about horses and saddles, with sky doing his best to put him ill at ease and expose him as someone out of his element. the next day, at the stables, everyone is wearing riding clothes for the fox hunt. jeff, who is wearing mr. bronson's outfit, manages to break the top hat and then fall into the mud hole during a jump. as linda offers her hand to pull him out, he manages to drag her into the big mud puddle. walking from the puddle, they go into a barn and start taking off their wet clothes and then kiss, as the hunting party, with the disapproving mr. bronson and sky in the lead, arrives. mrs. bronson exclaims, "tally tally ho, tally ho". later, linda and sky are playing golf and she says that from now on jeff will be out of her mind and she'll never see him again. sky advises her to do the opposite — make a date with jeff and see him as often as she can, "that's the only way you can ever really put him out of your mind". she quickly agrees, but says that it would be only to say goodbye. with the perisphere and other structures of the 1939 world's fair in the background, jeff and linda are walking amidst the crowds at the fairgrounds. they sit on the bench of miniature transportation train and try to say goodbye, but start reminiscing about the amusing events in which they have participated and decide to elope. as they kiss, the minitrain stops in front of the niagara falls building and a member of the crowd observing them shouts out, "hey, aren't you folks going to see niagara falls?" and jeff replies, "i'll say we are". the next day, linda arrives at jeff's office, but he is too busy to remember. disappointed, she leaves, but jeff runs after her and, together, they rush into a cab. during the ride, they make plans for the future, but, holding the documentation for mcintyre's campaign with him, he stops the cab in front of mcintyre's building and rushes inside, promising to be right back, but mcintyre insists that he stay. sky, who is in charge of mcintyre's research laboratory, comes in and mcintyre wants him to show jeff around the facility and explain the chemical experiments which he is conducting. dr. schmidt (sig rumann), a german-accented scientist in the laboratory explains that they have invented a forgetfulness drug which makes the patient lose the memory of being sick or the shock of an accident or even the accident itself. by the time jeff comes out, linda has gotten tired of waiting and left the cab to return home in the suburb of white plains. jeff tells the cabdriver (unbilled syd saylor) to drive to white plains, but as he catches up with linda's cab, the chase attracts the attention of a motorcycle cop (paul hurst) who stops them. jeff and linda tell him that they are eloping so he leads them to the home of judge milliken (henry travers) who knows linda's family and performs the ceremony. outside, the motorcycle cop tears up the ticket and says, "suckers". as jeff and linda unpack in their half-renovated house, their butler (halliwell hobbes) informs them that sky, whom linda called, is downstairs. sky is disheartened and offers low-key congratulations, but linda tries to cheer him up, saying that the three of them are friends for life. she asks jeff and sky how long they have known each other and when they say twenty-one years, she tells jeff, "let's adopt sky". they both kiss her and she says, "just one happy triangle". planning his honeymoon boat trip, jeff is once again delayed by mcintyre, while at linda's family home, her parents are planning a surprise party. waiting for jeff, sky and linda have been killing time playing backgammon. eventually, jeff arrives and rushes with linda and sky to white plains where the guests, including judge milliken, have been drinking and waiting so they can jump out and shout "surprise". coming into the room where the guests are hiding, jeff tells linda that he hates to come here and that he can't have a good time because "i have to look at that sour puss of your old man's all evening", adding that "i think he's a stuffed shirt and an old crab and a bore" and expanding about "that crowd of gibbering idiots he always has around him, like your half-wit aunt letty, yap, yap, yap, yap, yap, yap". going further, he mentions "that potato-faced judge who married us, you know, milliken". just then, mrs. bronson rings the bell for all the hidden guests to come out and their faces are dismayed and angry, especially that of mr. bronson. during the dinner, mr. bronson interrupts himself on any topic that jeff criticized, especially horses, while jeff gets a call from piper that he needs to see mcintyre before the honeymoon trip or the account will be lost. asking sky to cover for him and take linda to the pier, jeff rushes off. as sky, linda and linda's family watch from the pier, the ship departs and jeff still has not arrived. linda tells sky that she's through waiting and, as jeff finally gets to the pier, she walks away without a word. in judge's chambers, linda and jeff have "interlocutory decree granted — final decree to become effective at the end of three months". in the laboratory, sky hears dr. schmidt pronounce that the forgetfulness drug is ready for testing, and returns to his office to find jeff sleeping on his couch. jeff says that he can't get linda out of his mind and is unable to concentrate on anything else. at that point, dr. schmidt comes in and gives the vial of the forgetfulness drug to sky who has an idea. he invites jeff as his guest to a boxing match and as they arrive at jeff's house, they run into linda who explains that "i got my 'junk'". she tells sky that couldn't see boxing because she "couldn't seem to rest last night". sky offers "a little pick-up" for everybody and puts the drug into jeff's and linda's drink. the next morning, piper has an anxiety attack when jeff turns the office upside down, because he's completely forgotten everything that has happened in the last six months, including all the ad campaigns and work orders that he himself had ordered. he now feels happy and energetic and also surprised that sky returned from nassau so soon. sky takes him to lunch at the colony where he spots linda sitting exactly as she was when he first saw her. they go through the same motions and say the same things with linda remembering that she and sky were on the boat from nassau the day before. sky leaves to go back to his office and linda takes jeff home to introduce him to her mother who is astonished to see them back together and happy. mr. burton, however, walks in and says, "young man, how dare you set foot in this house?". jeff leaves hastily, but he and linda decide to have a date for that evening. as jeff is dressing for dinner and awaiting linda, sky arrives and tries to talk to him, but just then, linda arrives. she compliments jeff on his home and tells him that it is exactly the type of decor that she would have arranged herself. as jeff shows her around the house, the butler gives her a pair of silk pajamas and tells her, "i'm sorry madam, i'm afraid you'll have to wear these for tonight". offended, she tells jeff that she'll be leaving. the butler returns with slippers, calling her "mrs. holland". she no longer feels offended and jeff asks her if she believes in love at first sight and she says, "at lunch today". jeff tells her, "let's get married" and they kiss. he says, "tonight" and suggests they sneak out the back to avoid sky. as they speed along, they are pulled over by the same motorcycle cop who stopped them on their first wedding day. saying "sixty-five miles an hour", he looks at them, recognizing them as the same couple and again escorts them to judge milliken's house. the surprised judge tells them, "you don't have to get married — the ceremony isn't necessary — why, i mean, all you have to do is to start living together". linda responds, "well, i thought i was fairly modern" and jeff adds, "it's the last thing i expect to hear from a man in your position", with the cop interjecting, "either they get married or go to jail", so the judge invites them in, with the cop adding, "and i'll be the witness". later that evening, as sky is asleep on the couch, jeff carries linda over the threshold of their new/former home. they explain to sky that they are sorry, but they got married, with linda adding, "it just seemed to happen — i guess it had to happen". just then the doorbell rings and mr. mcintyre brusquely walks in, congratulating jeff on his new promotional campaign which is "the greatest stroke of advertising genius i've ever come across". he tells jeff that a new contract will be waiting upon his return from the honeymoon. sky offers a toast and jeff and linda invite him along on their honeymoon, "we'd have a lot of fun, the three of us". sky declines, "two's a honeymoon". he correctly guesses that they plan to honeymoon in niagara falls and adds, "once i hoped to go there on a honeymoon myself". linda then announces that she's going to have a baby. jeff and sky react with consternated expressions and then sky takes the vial of forgetfulness fluid from his pocket, pours it all into his own glass, drinks it and stares directly into the camera for the fadeout.
corpus document1658
reno
after a woman gambling in his reno casino loses money and sues him trying to get it back, bill shear suddenly recognizes her as his own daughter, joanne, someone he has not seen since a long-ago divorce. shear remembers what brought him to nevada in the first place. as a young attorney, then known as william shayne, he represented silver miners. he met and married jessie gibbs and became a father, but when the silver went bust, leaving reno on the brink of becoming a ghost town, it was he who created a new identity for reno as a place where unhappily married individuals could get a quick, painless divorce. neglecting his own family due to his work, bill ironically is left alone when jessie obtains one of those easy divorces, taking their child and leaving him. he is also disbarred and must find another line of work, which is how he came to be in the casino business now. joanne, moved by her father's story, abandons her lawsuit against him.
corpus document1659
the return of doctor x
a pair of bizarre murders occur wherein the victims are drained of their rare type one blood type. reporter walter garrett (wayne morris) consults with his friend dr. mike rhodes (dennis morgan) which leads them to rhodes' former mentor, hematologist dr. francis flegg (john litel). flegg is initially unhelpful, but garrett and rhodes notice a striking resemblance between flegg's strange assistant, marshall quesne (humphrey bogart) and the late dr. maurice xavier in old press cuttings. after opening the grave, they confront flegg. flegg admits using his new scientific methods to bring xavier back from the dead and has employed synthetic blood to sustain his life. however, the blood cannot replace itself, and therefore, quesne/xavier must seek out human victims with the rare type one blood type contained in the formula in order to stay alive. a hunt begins for quesne, who has discovered that joan vance (rosemary lane), a nurse and rhodes' sweetheart, is a carrier of the rare blood type. he escapes with her in a taxi, professing to be taking her to rhodes. barnett and rhodes, accompanied by the police, track them to their location. quesne is shot dead, and joan is saved from the fate of the others.
corpus document1660
rio
french financier paul reynard (rathbone) is sentenced to a ten-year term in a south american penal colony for bank fraud. his wife irene (gurie) and paul's faithful servant dirk (mclaglen) travel to rio de janeiro to arrange for paul's escape. but once she's landed in the brazilian capital, irene falls in love with american engineer bill gregory (cummings). after his escape paul realizes that he's lost his wife forever to a better man. seeking revenge, he prepares to shoot bill in cold blood, but dirk intervenes and kills reynard instead.
corpus document1661
the roaring twenties
three men meet in a foxhole during the waning days of world war i: eddie bartlett, george hally and lloyd hart, and experience trials and tribulations from the armistice through the passage of the 18th amendment leading to the prohibition period of the 1920s and the violence which erupted due to it, all the way through the 1929 stock market crash to its conclusion at the end of 1933, only days after the 21st amendment brought an end to the prohibition era. following world war i, lloyd hart starts his law practice, george hally, a former saloon keeper, becomes a bootlegger, and eddie bartlett, a garage mechanic, finds his old job filled. at the suggestion of his friend danny green, eddie becomes a cab driver. while unknowingly delivering a package of liquor to panama smith, he is arrested. panama is acquitted and after a short stint in jail, they go into the bootlegging business together. eddie uses a fleet of cabs to deliver his liquor, and he hires lloyd as his lawyer to handle his legal issues. he re-meets jean sherman, a girl he formerly corresponded with during the war while she was in high school, who is now an adult working at a nightclub. eddie gives her a job singing in henderson's cabaret, where panama is hostess. eddie wants jean as his wife, giving her an engagement ring that he asks her to hold until he's saved up enough money to quit the criminal rackets. eddie and his henchmen hijack a shipload of liquor belonging to fellow bootlegger nick brown who had refused to cooperate with him. in charge of the liquor shipment on board is george who proposes that eddie bring him in as a partner. eddie agrees and back home they inform the authorities about one of brown's liquor shipments. after the shipment is confiscated, eddie and george lead a heist of the warehouse and steal it. as they are leaving, george recognizes one of the watchmen as his former sergeant that he disliked and murders him. after learning of the murder, lloyd quits with george threatening to kill him if he ever informs on them. in time, as the bootlegging rackets prosper, eddie sends danny to arrange a truce with brown, but danny's body is dropped off in front of the panama club. eddie goes after brown for revenge, but george, by now resentful with eddie's increasing power, tips off brown, who sets a trap. a gunfight ensues, and eddie kills brown while escaping. suspecting george's betrayal but unable to prove it, eddie dissolves their partnership. things continue to go bad for eddie as he discovers that jean has never really loved him and is in fact in love with lloyd. subsequently, after speculating in the stock market, eddie's bootlegging empire crumbles in the 1929 crash. he is forced to sell his cab company to george at a price far below its value. george mockingly leaves eddie one cab for himself, correctly foreseeing that eddie will soon have fallen so low that he'll be back to being a mere cab driver. by chance, one day jean steps into eddie's cab and he renews his acquaintance with her and with lloyd, meeting their young son. lloyd is now with the district attorney's office and eddie is aware that the office is preparing to bring a case against george. eddie reminds lloyd that george will still follow through on his threat against lloyd from years earlier. the encounter leaves eddie despondent since he's still in love with jean and he becomes an alcoholic, though he'd never drunk at all during the years that he was bootlegging. when jean discovers that george is indeed planning to have lloyd killed, she appeals to the drunken eddie for help. he initially declines, but ultimately decides to go to george's house to ask him to have mercy on the couple. while there, eddie is mocked again by george for his shabby looks. not only does george refuse to cancel the hit on lloyd, but he decides he'll have to kill eddie too since he now believes that eddie will inform on him to the police in order to help jean. this results in a shootout in which eddie kills george and some of his men, redeeming himself. after running outside, eddie is shot in the back by one of george's men and collapses on the steps of a nearby church. as the police arrest the remainder of george's gang, panama runs to eddie and cradles his lifeless body. when a police officer begins inquiring about who eddie was, she replies, "he used to be a big shot."
corpus document1662
rose of washington square
ted cotter, a successful singer, spots rose sargent performing in an amateur contest. he immediately takes a personal and professional interest in her, helping her career along as she joins the famed ziegfeld follies and begins to achieve stardom. rose does not recognize ted's love for her, falling instead for bart clinton, a gambler and con man. bart's nefarious activities get him arrested, and after ted puts up his bail, bart skips town. rose pines away for him, until one night, when bart goes to the follies and hears her tearful rendition of the song "my man," he realizes the error of his ways and sets out to make things right.
corpus document1663
the saint in london
the saint picks up a man on a country road, leading him into a web of currency fraud, a couple of murders and much skulduggery. the case is complicated by an enthusiastic young lady.
corpus document1664
the saint strikes back
while dancing at a new year's party, the saint spots an agent of valerie travers preparing to shoot someone, so templar guns him down first at the stroke of midnight. templar is placed by witnesses at the scene, so the san francisco police request the assistance of inspector henry fernack (jonathan hale) of the nypd. before fernack can leave, the saint arrives in new york and accompanies him to the west coast. travers' father had been a police inspector whose efficiency caused trouble for a mysterious criminal mastermind named waldeman. when a large sum of money was found in his safe deposit box, however, he was fired on suspicion of working for waldeman and committed suicide. travers is determined to clear his name by any means necessary. the saint takes up her cause, despite her hostility for his interference in her plans and her suspicions about his motives. templar gets the cooperation of the police commissioner, over the objections of chief inspector webster and criminologist cullis, who wonder if the saint is waldeman himself. templar and travers cross paths again when the trail leads to martin eastman, a noted philanthropist and seemingly-irreproachable citizen, whom they both suspect is linked to waldeman in some way. templar forces travers and her gang to drive away, all except her burglar, zipper dyson. templar gets dyson to open eastman's safe and takes the money inside. the serial numbers confirm that it was stolen in a robbery perpetrated by waldeman. when eastman contacts cullis instead of reporting the theft, templar knows that cullis is also working for waldeman. with that information, not only does the saint exonerate travers' father, he also identifies waldeman.
corpus document1665
saved by the belle
the stooges are traveling salesmen stranded in valeska, a fictional south american country prone to earthquakes. having no luck selling fur coats to the natives they are arrested when they receive a telegram instructing them to "get rid of present wardrobe" and an official thinks they are planning to assassinate president ward robey. with the help of rita, a beautiful revolutionary, the boys the prison, and are sent on a mission to deliver important plans to the revolutionary leader. when they deliver a rolled up calendar by mistake, they are once again heading for a firing squad but are spared when rita arrives with the real plans, however, the stooges are tricked, when they are to be commissioned by the revolutionary army, only to face a firing squad, in which the earthquake causes the stooges to escape in a truck, filled with explosives. when curly lights a cigarette, moe tells him to throw it away, however, curly throws it into the back of the truck, filled with explosives, causing the truck to blow up, landing the stooges on a horse, which throws them off, as the film ends.
corpus document1666
second fiddle
jimmy sutton, the publicity agent of a major hollywood studio, is taking part in the endless search to find an actress to star in an adaptation of a best-selling novel, girl of the north. in minnesota, he discovers trudi hovland, a schoolteacher who is perfect for the part. after he takes her back to los angeles, she manages to secure the role. in an effort to boost their popularity, jimmy organizes a fake romance between trudi and another hollywood star, roger maxwell. he neglects to tell trudi that roger is already romantically involved with another actress and is only interested in publicity. problems begin to arise when trudi, unaware that the romance is fake, falls in love with roger just as jimmy begins to realize that he has feelings for trudi himself. he pours his efforts into writing her poems and songs, purportedly from roger. when she finally discovers that the romance is a fake she flees back home to minnesota. she misses the premiere of her film, which proves to be a runaway hit. jimmy travels out to see her, hoping to secure her forgiveness and tell her about his own feelings. to his horror he discovers she has gone off on a road trip to get married on the rebound to a local she is not really in love with. he hurries after her to prevent the wedding, but seemingly arrives too late.
corpus document1667
the secret of dr. kildare
dr. leonard gillespie, racing against time in his battle with melanoma, is about to start an important research project at blair general hospital to improve the use a sulfa drug, sulfapyridine, as a cure for pneumonia with the help of his assistant, dr. james kildare. paul messenger, a wall street tycoon, asks for gillespie's help in diagnosing the drastic, sudden personality changes that occur in his daughter nancy. gillespie assigns kildare to pose as an old friend of the family in order to observe nancy. at the same time, gillespie borrows an airplane to fly kildare around the country collecting blood samples for gillespie to examine around the clock. when gillespie collapses from exhaustion, kildare forces the cranky old doctor to take a rest as a patient and persuades blair head of hospital dr. carew to assign him to work full-time on the messenger case. kildare's move forces gillespie to put the project on hold, and while the old doctor goes fishing on a much needed vacation, kildare, still hiding his identity as a doctor, begins to investigate the causes of nancy's symptoms. he learns that nancy's symptoms began to appear when she feared she had lost the love of her fiance. while talking with nora, the family housekeeper, kildare learns that nancy suffers blinding headaches. nora, who disdains all doctors because of their inability to help nancy's mother, has convinced nancy that she is suffering from the same type of brain tumor that killed her mother. nora takes nancy to see a nature healer named john xerxes archley, which prompts kildare to admit that he is a doctor and dispute archley's diagnosis of a "brain tumor" but alienates him from the family. with the help of ambulance driver joe wayman and his trusty monkey wrench, kildare gets access to nancy, who now has hysterical blindness. kildare tries to consult with the vacationing gillespie over the girl's symptoms but is rebuffed. gillespie returns to blair ostensibly to give a lecture to the interns on treating psychosomatic symptoms. following gillespie's advice, kildare pretends to operate on nancy's eyes and arranges for the first person she sees afterwards to be her fiance, thus curing her hysterical blindness. meanwhile, gillespie returns from his vacation revived, and realizing that kildare quit the experiment only out of concern for his health, reconciles with his assistant. together they embark again on their research into curing pneumonia.
corpus document1668
secret service of the air
an undercover secret service agent stumbles upon a smuggling ring illegally transporting mexicans into the united states by air. when he pulls a gun on the pilot on one such trip, the pilot sends the aircraft into a sudden climb, causing the agent to tumble back into the cabin; the pilot then pulls a lever which opens the cabin floor, sending the agent and six illegal aliens plummeting to their deaths. the agent's boss, tom saxby (john litel), needs a pilot to infiltrate the smuggling ring. he turns to commercial airline and former military pilot "brass" bancroft (ronald reagan), who has applied to join the secret service. arrested on a trumped-up charge of counterfeiting, brass is locked in a cell with gang member "ace" hamrick (bernard nedell). brass learns that the smugglers use the los angeles air taxi company, where he lands a job (after saxby has the regular pilot arrested). with his friend and radio operator, "gabby" watters (eddie foy jr.), brass convinces the ringleader, jim cameron (james stephenson), to let him take over the smuggling flights. he tricks cameron into entering the united states to be captured by the border patrol. after an air battle, brass turns the smugglers over to the authorities, and is greeted by his fiancée, pamela schuyler (ila rhodes).
corpus document1669
she married a cop
a couple of cops, jimmy duffy and partner joe, answer a call after a neighbor complains about the noise from an apartment where hollywood studio animators linda fay and bob adams are auditioning actors for a cartoon pig. after buying tickets to a policemen's ball and promising to keep the noise down, linda overhears jimmy singing a few notes and has an inspiration, hiring him. she neglects to tell him what for, however, and jimmy believes he will be seen singing in a movie. they fall in love and marry, but jimmy is humiliated at the film's premiere, with all his family and friends there, when his voice comes from "paddy," the cartoon pig. it leads to a separation, but jimmy has a change of heart when he finds out that linda is expecting a baby, which will also be used in the story of paddy's next cartoon.
corpus document1670
silver on the sage
windy (george "gabby" hayes) makes the mistake of accusing the buyer, lazy-j owner tom hamilton (frederick burton), of the theft, but lucky (russell hayden) suspects the foreman dave talbot (stanley ridges). hamilton is murdered, however, and talbot has the perfect alibi: he was playing cards at the mirage bar where hoppy (william boyd) had gotten himself a job under the guise of being the noted gambler bill thompson. with talbot not able to be in two places at the same time, the marshal (jack rockwell) has no choice but to arrest lucky for murder.[3]
corpus document1671
smashing the money ring
a counterfeit money ring is being run from prison by a gangster, dice matthews, and a casino owner, steve parker, who is behind bars for slugging a cop. law enforcement agent brass bancroft goes undercover as a convict, getting help on the outside from his right-hand man, gabby, while infiltrating the counterfeiting ring. parker's daughter, peggy, becomes involved, identifying a guard who's also in on the scheme after her father is murdered. bancroft and matthews make a break for it, but although the guard shoots both, bancroft recovers and sees that justice is done.
corpus document1672
the son of frankenstein
baron wolf von frankenstein (basil rathbone), son of henry frankenstein, relocates his wife elsa (josephine hutchinson) and their young son peter (donnie dunagan) to the family castle. wolf wants to redeem his father's reputation, but finds that such a feat will be harder than he thought after he encounters hostility from the villagers, who resent him for the destruction his father's monster wreaked years before. aside from his family, wolf's only friend is the local policeman inspector krogh (lionel atwill) who bears an artificial arm, his real arm having been "ripped out by the roots" in an encounter with the monster as a child. while investigating his father's castle, wolf meets ygor (bela lugosi), a demented blacksmith who has survived a hanging for graverobbing and has a deformed neck as a result. wolf finds the monster's comatose body in the crypt where his grandfather and father were buried; his father's sarcophagus bears the phrase "henrich von frankenstein: maker of monsters" written in chalk. he decides to revive the monster to prove his father was right, and to restore honor to his family. wolf uses the torch to scratch out the word "monsters" on the casket and write "men" beside it. when the monster (boris karloff) is revived, it only responds to ygor's commands and commits a series of murders; the victims were all jurors at ygor's trial. wolf discovers this and confronts ygor. wolf shoots ygor and apparently kills him. the monster abducts wolf's son as revenge, but cannot bring himself to kill the child. krogh and wolf pursue the monster to the nearby laboratory, where a struggle ensues, during which the monster tears out krogh's false arm. wolf swings on a rope and knocks the monster into a molten sulphur pit under the laboratory, saving his son. wolf leaves the keys to frankenstein's castle to the villagers. the film ends with the village turning out to cheer the frankenstein family as they leave by train.
corpus document1673
sorority house
alice fisher is the daughter of lew fisher, a grocery store owner. she is surprised when he reveals he has college money for her. alice goes to a boarding house and becomes friends with room mates dotty spencer and merle scott. dotty suggests alice join a sorority if she spikes up her looks and earns a few more bucks. meanwhile, alice falls in love with bill loomis, who is dating neva simpson. he asks alice out for a date and recommends her for a sorority, stating she is actually rich but pretends not to be. when alice writes her father a letter that she doesn't have the money for a sorority, he sells his store to a chain and receives the money. bill and alice soon fall in love resulting in conflicts, since bill is still in a relationship with neva.[2]
corpus document1674
stagecoach
in 1880, a group of strangers boards the stagecoach from tonto, arizona territory, to lordsburg, new mexico. among them are dallas (claire trevor), a prostitute driven out of town by the "law and order league"; the alcoholic doc boone (thomas mitchell); pregnant lucy mallory (louise platt), who is travelling to join her cavalry officer husband; and whiskey salesman samuel peacock (donald meek), whose samples doc boone takes charge of and starts drinking. when the stage driver, buck (andy devine), looks for his shotgun guard, marshal curly wilcox (george bancroft) tells him that the guard is off searching for a fugitive. the ringo kid has broken out of prison after hearing that his father and brother had been murdered by luke plummer. buck tells curly that plummer is heading for lordsburg and, knowing that ringo has vowed vengeance, curly decides to ride along as guard. as the stage sets out, u.s. cavalry lieutenant blanchard (tim holt) announces that geronimo and his apaches are on the warpath; his small troop will provide an escort to dry fork. at the edge of town, two more passengers flag down the stage: gambler and southern gentleman hatfield (john carradine) and assertive banker henry gatewood (berton churchill), who is absconding with money embezzled from his bank. further along the road, the stage comes across the ringo kid (john wayne), stranded after his horse has gone lame. even though they are friends, curly has to take ringo into custody and crowds him too into the coach. but when they reach dry fork, the expected cavalry detachment has gone on to apache wells. buck wants to turn back, but most of the party vote to proceed. at lunch before departing, the group is taken aback when ringo invites dallas to sit at the main table. hatfield offers mrs. mallory his silver folding cup, rather than have her drink from the canteen directly. she recognizes the family crest on the cup and asks hatfield whether he was ever in virginia. he says that he served in the confederate army under her father's command. on arriving at apache wells, mrs. mallory learns that her husband had been wounded in battle. when she faints and goes into labor, doc boone has to sober up and deliver the baby with dallas assisting. later that night, ringo asks dallas to marry him and live on a ranch he owns in mexico. afraid to reveal her past, she does not answer immediately. the next morning, she accepts, but does not want to leave mrs. mallory and the new baby, so she tells ringo to go on alone to his ranch, where she will meet him later. as ringo is escaping he sees smoke signals heralding an apache attack and returns into custody. the stage reaches lee's ferry, which apaches have destroyed. curly uncuffs ringo to help lash logs to the stagecoach and float it across the river. just when they think that danger has passed, the apaches attack and a long chase scene follows, where some of the party are injured fighting off their pursuers. just as they run out of ammunition and hatfield is getting ready to save mrs mallory from capture by killing her with his last bullet, the 6th u.s. cavalry rides to the rescue. at lordsburg, gatewood is arrested by the local sheriff and mrs. mallory learns that her husband's wound is not serious. she thanks dallas, who gives mrs. mallory her shawl. dallas then begs ringo not to confront the plummers, but he is determined to settle matters and as they walk through town he sees the brothel to which she is returning. luke plummer (tom tyler), who is playing poker in one of the saloons, hears of ringo’s arrival and gets his brothers to join him. ringo survives the three-against one shootout that follows and then surrenders to curly, expecting to go back to prison. as ringo boards a wagon, curly invites dallas to ride with them to the edge of town, but when she does so curly and doc shout to stampede the horses, letting ringo ‘escape’ over the mexican border.
corpus document1675
stand up and fight
blake cantrell, an aristocrat from maryland and a well-groomed cynic, uses his organized hunt to announce his imminent bankruptcy. in order to pay off his debts, blake is forced to sell even his slaves, instead of freeing them, which causes the disapproval of his guest susan griffith. later in the evening, when he tries to seduce a girl, she bumps him back and leaves the mansion urgently. however, blake is also forced to leave his home, since it was sold to cover his debts. he arrives to cumberland to get a job at his father's old friend, colonel webb, the head of the baltimore-ohio railroad construction. he offers him to spy on starkey, the head of a competing shipping company, but blake refuses. in the evening of the same day, blake is jailed for a fight.
corpus document1676
stanley and livingstone
henry stanley is a fearless newspaper reporter ready to do whatever it takes to get a story, regardless of any danger to his life. colonel grimes tells two peace commissioners sent from washington dc that he cannot permit them to try to contact the indians of the wyoming territory of 1870, as it would be suicidal, only to have stanley emerge from the wilderness, escorted by a band of the natives and his guide, jeff slocum (walter brennan). when stanley returns to new york city, his employer, new york herald publisher james gordon bennett, jr., gives him another near-impossible assignment. the london globe has announced that an expedition headed by gareth tyce (richard greene), the son of the globe's publisher, lord tyce (charles coburn), has verified that world-renowned missionary david livingstone is dead. bennett does not believe it, and would relish embarrassing his rival by proving the story wrong. it is a daunting task, searching the mostly unmapped interior of the "dark continent" for one man, but stanley accepts the challenge. on the boat trip to zanzibar, stanley makes a very unfavorable impression on fellow passenger lord tyce. stanley meets eve kingsley (nancy kelly) and her father, john kingsley (henry travers), the temporary head of the british authorities in zanzibar. eve has been seeing gareth tyce, recovering from his ordeal, in the hope of getting him to persuade his father to use his influence to have her father reassigned to a more healthy posting back in england. eve warns stanley about the dangers of africa, but he is undeterred. he, slocum and a band of native bearers set out into uncharted territory. months pass with no sign of hope, and stanley's resolve begins to waver. he also realizes he is in love with eve. finally, however, two hunters tell him of a white man they call "doctor" in a village beside lake tanganyika. though feverish, stanley gets them to guide him there. he sees a white man waiting to greet him. "dr. livingstone ... i presume", stanley hesitantly inquires. it is indeed he. for several months, stanley recuperates and follows livingstone (cedric hardwicke) around on his work. the cynical reporter is greatly changed by the experience. finally, though, he returns to england, bearing livingstone's plea for assistance. upon his arrival in london, he is met by eve, only to discover she is now happily married to gareth. when lord tyce openly suggests that stanley fabricated everything, stanley presents livingstone's maps and documents to the british geographical society for examination and judgment. despite his heartfelt speech, it is clear to stanley that too few of the members believe him. as he is leaving the hall, a messenger arrives with news that another expedition has recovered livingstone's body, as well as the man's last written message, in which he talks glowingly of stanley. vindicated, stanley decides to return to africa to carry on the great man's work.
corpus document1677
the star maker
loosely based on the life of gus edwards, the film follows the career of aspiring song writer larry earl (crosby) who gives up his job as a night clerk and marries mary (louise campbell). he is anxious to get his songs published and buys a piano which they can ill afford. he sees children performing in the street and has an idea to develop and produce their talent on stage. initially he cannot obtain any bookings but mary persuades an agent to give her husband a chance. the one night try-out is a success and he forms "larry earl kiddie productions" which in due course has 14 productions running in various towns. larry earl opens a broadway musical called "school days", the crowning point of his career, but halfway through the first performance it is closed down by the children's welfare society as they will not allow children under 12 years of age to work past 10 p.m. all of earl's productions have to be closed down too. earl had developed the career of jane gray (linda ware) and he transfers her contract to walter damrosch and she performs for him at carnegie hall. later earl realizes that he can still use children on radio and the film closes with him singing with a children's chorus on a radio show.
corpus document1678
the story of vernon and irene castle
the film tells of novice american dancer irene foote (ginger rogers) who convinces new york-based british vaudeville comic vernon castle (fred astaire) to give up slapstick comedy in favor of sophisticated ballroom dancing. their big break comes when they are stranded in paris, along with their friend walter ashe (walter brennan), with no money. they catch the eye of influential agent maggie sutton (edna may oliver), who arranges a tryout for them at the prestigious café de paris, where they become an overnight sensation. after taking europe by storm, the castles return to the united states and become just as big a sensation. their fame and fortune rises to unprecedented heights in the immediate pre-world war i years. when world war i starts, vernon returns to britain and joins the royal flying corps, while irene makes patriotic movie serials to aid the war effort. however, vernon is killed in a training accident, leaving irene to carry on alone.
corpus document1679
stronger than desire
believing her husband tyler has been seeing another woman, barbara winter, behind her back, elizabeth flagg begins a relationship with michael mclain, who then blackmails her with her love letters. during a struggle for the letters, a gun goes off, mclain falls and elizabeth flees. but police find mclain's wife, eva, near the body and charge her with murder. with a guilty conscience, elizabeth asks her husband, a lawyer, to defend eva in court. he endeavors to prove someone else did the shooting, unaware his own wife was directly involved. eva eventually confesses, but is set free when it is determined that she acted in self-defense.
corpus document1680
sudden money
winning a $150,000 prize in a sweepstakes gives the patterson family grand plans. particularly head of the family sweeney, a frustrated drummer who decides to start up his own band. everybody begins spending money. sweeney's wife elsie enrolls in an art school, eager to become a painter. her brother doc begins gambling on horse races. off to an expensive finishing school goes the pattersons' daughter, mary, while son junior is enrolled in a military academy. grandpa casey looks on with disapproval, believing the family should be more careful with its new windfall. sure enough, things go wrong. sweeney takes a shine to a young woman called yolo, who joins the band and immediately creates problems, her jealous jailbird boyfriend even punching sweeney in the nose. elsie's art teacher disappears with her tuition fee. mary's new beau johnny jordan and his father are appalled by the family's behavior, and she ends up expelled from school. bit by bit, the family goes broke. grandpa gives them an "i told you so." but after he wins a small cash prize himself, the family begins once again thinking big.
corpus document1681
swanee river
the family of stephen foster (ameche) insists that he accept a seven-dollar-a-week shipping clerk job in cincinnati, but he prefers to write songs. stephen's prospective father-in-law andrew mcdowell has no faith in stephen, who wants to write "music from the heart of the simple people of the south." the struggling composer is content to sell "oh! susanna" for fifteen dollars to minstrel singer e. p. christy and allows christy to take credit as its writer. soon, the song is sweeping the country, and stephen follows it with "de camptown races" and goes on tour with christy's troup, called christy's minstrels. solvent at last, stephen marries jane mcdowell (leeds), and a daughter marion is born to them. inspired by his wife's beauty, stephen writes "jeanie with the light brown hair." however, stephen's prosperity ends when his classical music fails and the advent of the civil war brands his music as traitorous. when he turns to drinking, jane leaves him, but two years later she returns to encourage him to write "old folks at home." stephen never hears the composition performed, however; for on the night that christy presents the song to a new york audience, the composer dies of a heart attack.
corpus document1682
sweepstakes winner
a naive girl has $1,000 and is told to have two broke bookies bet it for her. they lose the money and she gets a job as a waitress. they come into the cafe and convince her to buy an irish sweepstakes ticket.
corpus document1683
tail spin
trixie lee (alice faye) takes a leave of absence from her job as a hollywood hat-check girl to pursue her career as an aviatrix. she and partner babe dugan (joan davis) enter an air race from los angeles to cleveland, but an oil leak causes their aircraft to crash. navy flyer tex price (kane richmond) helps with their engine. meanwhile, steel mogul t.p. lester (harry davenport) indulges the ambition of his daughter gerry (constance bennett) to fly in the powder puff national race. gerry is also tex's ex. trixie wants to win both tex and the race, so she and babe do everything they can to discourage gerry or sabotage her chances. in the sky during the powder puff race, the superior aircraft gerry owns is winning, but she pretends to have engine failure so trixie can win. knowing that she misjudged gerry all along, trixie steps aside as tex and gerry get back together.
corpus document1684
tarzan finds a son!
a plane flying to cape town, carrying a young couple and their baby, crashes in the jungle. everyone on the plane dies, except for the baby who is rescued by cheeta, tarzan's chimpanzee. tarzan and jane adopt the child and name him "boy." five years later, a search party comes looking for boy, because he is the heir to the greystoke family fortune worth millions. the search party is led by the lancing family, who are distant cousins of greystoke. tarzan and jane claim the child is dead and that boy is theirs, but the elder lancing, sir thomas, recognizes boy's eyes. the younger lancings suggest leaving boy and taking the inheritance. when sir thomas objects, they say they will take him back and, as legal guardians, still control the inheritance. sir thomas says he'll tell tarzan, but the rest of the party imprison sir thomas in a tent and plan to abduct boy. tarzan overhears them plotting; he steals their guns and throws them into a deep lake. jane arrives the next day and learns what has taken place, and admits that boy is greystoke. she persuades tarzan to retrieve the cache of guns, without which the search party can't survive. tarzan retrieves them but jane drops the rope so that tarzan is trapped. jane, convinced it's the right thing to do, goes with boy and the rest of the lancings toward civilization but sir thomas convinces her that the younger lancings only want boy for his money. sir thomas tries to sneak away but they shoot him. thinking jane is trying to fool them, they ignore her directions and fall into the hands of the zambeli, known for mutilation of captives. the white people are held in a separate hut while the tribe begins to kill and preserve the native bearers. jane is wounded while helping boy to escape through a fence. boy finds tarzan and is aided by chimps and elephants to free him. tarzan reaches the zambeli village and uses the elephants to drive away the natives. he saves two of the search party, and he and jane decide to keep boy with them in the jungle.
corpus document1685
television spy
a scientist invents a television called the iconoscope, which thieves try to steal. the term iconoscope was actually used in real life for certain television vacuum tubes.
corpus document1686
tell no tales
michael cassidy runs the evening guardian newspaper. however, publisher matt cooper sends cassidy a telegram on its 75th birthday, informing him that he is shutting it down that very night. cooper also owns the record, a more lurid, scandal-filled paper, and he bought the guardian solely to get rid of the competition. cooper offers him any job he wants on the record, but cassidy turns him down. he abhors the record, citing its shameful treatment of schoolteacher ellen frazier, a witness in a current kidnapping case. when cassidy pays his bar tab, the bartender notices his $100 bill is part of the kidnapping ransom money, the first bill to surface and the first clue in the case. cassidy got the bill when the bartender cashed his check the night before. the bartender recalls getting it from jewelry store proprietor charlie daggett. cassidy goes to cooper and begs him to keep publishing the guardian, offering him a story that will sell lots of newspapers for weeks. cooper insists he print it in the record or else he will turn him over to the police for withholding information. cassidy flees. cassidy decides to track down the kidnappers. he sneaks in past a protective police cordon to see ellen frazier and, posing as a lawyer, persuades her to leave with him and identify the crooks if she can. she does not recognize daggett, but he tells cassidy who gave him the $100: a mrs. lovelake. mrs. lovelake's husband, a doctor, recalls receiving the bill from a patient with a knife wound, a black boxer named james alley. ellen leaves while cassidy is questioning daggett, but later returns after he sees the lovelakes. he convinces her to go to davie bryant at the newspaper, where she will hopefully be safe, but she is abducted at gunpoint on the street. meanwhile, cassidy goes to see alley, but finds himself at his wake. it turns out he was run over by a car. his widow ruby reluctantly admits she got the money from a friend of singer lorna travers, but does not know his name. posing as a treasury agent, cassidy gets the name from travers, none other than cooper. cooper got the $100 as part of his winnings at arno's gambling house. arno is an old friend of cassidy's; he points the reporter to two gangsters as the likely source of the bill. however, this information makes him realize his brother phil must be mixed up in the kidnapping, so arno reluctantly tips off the crooks that cassidy is coming. cassidy is easily captured. phil arno, who had laundered money for the criminals, gets a guilty conscience and helps cassidy and ellen escape death at the cost of his own life. cassidy breaks the story for his paper. cooper then decides not to close the guardian after all.
corpus document1687
these glamour girls
a drunken college student invites a dance hostess to the big college dance and then forgets he asked her. when she shows up at school, he tries to get rid of her, but she won't leave. instead she stays and shows up both him and his classmates snooty dates.
corpus document1688
they all come out
the film opens in a documentary style with narration and the introduction of two government officials associated with the prison system, as themselves, talking across a desk in an office setting. the story is then presented as being based on events in the lives of many prisoners. kitty (rita johnson) is involved with a gang planning a bank robbery when she meets and helps down-and-out joe (tom neal) in a diner. joe can't pay for what has been his first meal in three days, and has been unable to find work due to a broken wrist that was never set. kitty recommends him for the bank robbery when a driver is needed. with the gang on the run from the law after the robbery, kitty is shot and joe saves her from being left behind. eventually, the entire gang is captured. the benevolent, compassionate, and highly effective prison system of 1939 offers help and understanding to all of the gang members, but only some- including kitty and joe- are willing to put their lives back on the right path. the prison doctor operates successfully on joe's wrist and kitty is allowed to correspond with joe. after being paroled, both kitty and joe are immediately accepted and trusted in new jobs on the outside, but face challenges when another criminal attempts to draw them back into trouble.
corpus document1689
they made me a criminal
johnnie bradfield (john garfield) is a southpaw world champion boxer falsely accused of murder. he disappears and is presumed dead. the only witnesses who could have exonerated him were his manager and girlfriend, both of whom have died in an automobile accident. detective monty phalen (claude rains) believes that johnnie is still alive and hasn't given up on searching for him. johnnie, meanwhile, is hiding out on grandma rafferty's (may robson) farm in arizona. there, he meets up with some juvenile delinquents, tommy (billy halop), angel (bobby jordan), spit (leo gorcey), dippy (huntz hall), t.b. (gabriel dell), and milty (bernard punsly), who are under the guardianship of tommy's sister peggy (gloria dickson). johnnie, using the fake name of jack dorney takes tommy under his wing and encourages him to go in business for himself by buying a gas pump for the farm. he helps the kids raise money by returning to the boxing ring for a match against an up-and-coming boxer. johnnie sees phalen arriving at the fight and decides not to fight, disappointing the kids and peggy.however his determination to help the kids overcomes him and he decides to fight. he tries to hide who he really is by not using his trademark stance in the ring, but not being a good right handed fighter, he is on the verge of losing. because of this, johnnie reveals who he really is, although he is still defeated in the fifth round. he surrenders to phalen, but the detective allows him to remain in arizona instead of returning to new york.
corpus document1690
they shall have music
youngster frankie (gene reynolds) and his small gang commit petty crimes in their new york city tenement neighborhood, such as stealing bicycles and taking money from other boys. one of those boys, willy (tommy kelly), complains to his father about this, who takes the matter to frankie's mother (marjorie main) and stepfather (arthur hohl). frankie finds an old violin in his basement which he used to play when his father was around. he then pawns it to get some money to put in the gang's treasury. one day, frankie and his friend "limey" (terry kilburn) hide from the police in the lobby of a concert hall. when a couple has an argument, the man disgustedly throws away his tickets. unable to scalp them, the boys decide to attend the concert. frankie is entranced by the virtuoso performance of jascha heifetz. later, he sees his violin in the window of a local pawn shop, and decides he wants it back. frankie steals his little gang's stash of spare change to buy the violin, which he handles with aplomb back in his mother's kitchen. his stepfather comes home and believes frankie stole it, smashes the instrument, and decides to pack him off to reform school. frankie immediately runs away, putting his shoe shine gear into the empty violin case as his only possession. he stumbles upon a music school for the poor, founded by professor lawson (walter brennan). lawson discovers that frankie has perfect pitch and instantly enrolls the boy. that night, frankie sneaks into the basement to sleep, but lawson finds him. after hearing his story, he lets frankie stay. unbeknownst to lawson, the school (which does not require tuition fees) is in financial trouble. the school's sponsor has died, and bills have gone unpaid for months. all of the musical instruments are rented from a stingy music store owner ironically named mr. flower (porter hall). flower assigns one of his clerks, peter (joel mccrea), to collect payment, but peter's girlfriend is lawson's daughter, ann (andrea leeds), so he does nothing. when flower finds out, he fires peter and goes to confront ann. frankie overhears peter and ann discussing the situation, and organizes a street band with some of the other students to raise money. they set up right next to a concert hall where, according to clever frankie, "people will like us." when jascha heifetz comes out of the hall, frankie recognizes him and tells him about the school and the fund raising concert they have scheduled. heifetz is impressed with frankie and the story and offers to send a film of himself playing. later, when flower and the other creditors show up to collect payment, they get the mistaken impression that heifetz is the school's new sponsor. peter plays along to buy time, and even claims that the violinist will perform at the school's upcoming concert. suspicious, flower goes to see heifetz and discovers the truth. limey and the rest of frankie's old gang try to persuade heifetz to come, but they are turned away without seeing him. limey steals heifetz's stradivarius violin as a present for frankie, unaware of its great value. when frankie tries to return it, he is detained by the police but refuses to talk to anyone but heifetz. fortunately, when heifetz shows up at the police station to collect his instrument, frankie is able to persuade him to perform at the concert. heifetz plays to flower and a rapt audience of the parents of the children, and it appears that the school will now be sponsored by heifetz.
corpus document1691
three little sew and sews
the stooges are sailors employed in the tailor shop of a naval base. after becoming dissatisfied with their work, they steal three officer's uniforms (including that of admiral taylor, the highest-ranking officer on the base) in the hopes of gaining both the respect of other men and the romantic attention of women. while pretending to be the admiral, curly and his "aides" (moe and larry, calling themselves captain presser and commander button, respectively) attend a party in the admiral's place. unbeknownst to them, the party was planned by enemy spies, who intended to use the get together as a front to gain access to sensitive information from admiral taylor. subsequently, they are tricked into stealing a submarine by a pair of spies, led by count alfred gehrol (harry semels). the stooges eventually capture the spies, partly thanks to dumb luck, but whilst reenacting the capture for the real admiral, curly accidentally detonates an air bomb dropped from a plane, which had been launched in an attempt to sink the submarine. everyone on board is killed; the short ends with the stooges, now angels ascending to heaven, being chased by an angry admiral, who is also now an angel, as curly warns moe & larry to step on it.[1]
corpus document1692
three sappy people
the stooges are phone repairmen who are mistaken for the psychiatrists in whose office they are working, drs. z. ziller (curly), x. zeller (larry), and y. zoller (moe). wealthy j. rumsford rumford (don beddoe), upon the recommendation of a doctor friend of his, hires them to treat his impetuous, free-spirited young wife, sherry rumford (lorna gray). the stooges ruin their clients' dinner party in their usual style, leading into a food fight, but because their antics so amuse his wife, her husband believes that she is cured and the stooges are paid handsomely for their efforts. however, when the husband presents a birthday cake to his wife, he purposely drops the cake on the top of her head, ending her joyous frenzy.
corpus document1693
three smart girls grow up
written by felix jackson and bruce manning, the film is about three sisters who believe life is going to be easy now that their parents are back together, until one sister falls in love with another's fiance, and the youngest sister plays matchmaker.[2]
corpus document1694
three sons
daniel pardway (edward ellis) a department store owner is deeply saddened to learn that none of his grown sons are interested in taking over the business he has worked so hard to build. to coerce them, he even tries giving them shares of company stock. in the end, only the youngest son shows any interest at all.[2]
corpus document1695
thunder afloat
in a new england port town, pop thorson (wallace beery) and rocky blake (chester morris) are rival tugboat owners. thorson's boat has sunk in the shallow water while docked, and he is certain blake sabotaged it to keep thorson from winning a lucrative contract to move barges of military supplies. thorson is a widower who built his own tugboat and lives on it with his adult daughter susan (virginia grey). she loves her father, but also likes blake (who denies the sabotage) and does not want the two men to fight. as the united states has now entered world war i, the navy is recruiting men for anti-submarine warfare. susan and pop thorson trick blake into enlisting by pretending thorson is going to enlist himself. thorson then gets the contract, but when his boat is afloat again and towing a barge, it encounters a german submarine. the germans order the crew into the lifeboats and sink the tug and the barge. when thorson reaches port, he enlists at once. due to his experience and the war emergency, he is immediately made an ensign and given command of one of the small new fleet of sub chasers based there. thorson does not take well to naval discipline, particularly when his superior officer, in charge of the fleet, turns out to be blake, who is now a lieutenant and dedicated to his duty. blake respects thorson's experience and tries to teach him how to behave, but there is little time and the message does not sink in well. on their first mission, thorson correctly reasons that any submarine would avoid the storm-wracked area where they were ordered to patrol, and would be in the lee of nantucket island. he violates orders, taking his ship there alone, and does find a german submarine; the same one. sinking the sub would make the violation forgivable. but the german captain tricks the inexperienced thorson into breaking off his attack by releasing oil from his vessel, and sinks a lightship before leaving. a cable then breaks on thorson's vessel and tangles in the propeller. thorson goes into the water to free it, but suffers a head injury. blake then arrives on the scene and rescues him personally. when thorson recovers, he is court-martialed for insubordination, demoted to ordinary seaman, and put on shore duty. desolate, he finally decides to desert and go to canada with susan; but blake stops him just in time and gives him a new assignment. he will now join the crew of a decoy ship: looking like an ordinary fishing schooner, its crew pretending to be civilians, it will actually have a concealed radio to summon the sub chasers as needed. joining up with a fishing fleet, the decoy is indeed attacked — by the same submarine again. the germans board and discover the radio, but blake's fleet is already on the way. the crew fight with the boarding party and overcome them. with his captain incapacitated, thorson orders the decoy ship to try to ram the submarine. the germans sink it and take thorson on board as a prisoner and hostage, then dive to the seabed. as they wait silently, he seizes an opportunity to shut himself in a room and bang on the hull with a wrench, telling the listening sub chasers where to find the sub. blake realizes he must attack despite the risk to thorson. but fortunately, when the submarine is damaged it is still able to surface, and thorson as well as its crew are taken off. the film ends with thorson receiving the medal of honor, restored to the rank of ensign, and again commanding a sub chaser, to the delight of susan and the residents of the port.
corpus document1696
torchy blane in chinatown
on behalf of senator baldwin (henry o'neill) the owner of the world's largest chinese jade collection, detective steve mcbride (barton maclane) investigate a death threat involving the priceless jade tablets that were brought to the united states by three adventurers, who are now on the hit list of an oriental gang. a note written in chinese warns the impending doom at midnight unless a ransom is paid for the valuable jades, which have been stolen. steve is put on the case to protect the people who were involved in smuggling the jades into the country. that night, torchy blane (glenda farrell) joins steve at the adventurers club where he and his assistant gahagan (tom kennedy) are guarding the threatened victims, fitzhugh, mr. mansfield (james stephenson) and captain condon (patric knowles). once midnight has passed, they leave, but fitzhugh is machine-gunned in his car and killed. a note found in the car warns that mansfield will be the next to die. he is later found dead after smoking a poisoned cigarette, and his body vanishes mysteriously before the coroner arrives at the crime scene. senator baldwin's daughter janet baldwin and her fiancé dick staunton, are ordered by the mysterious killer to deliver $250,000 ransom to the last buoy in the new york city harbor. torchy discovered that fitzhugh's fingerprints and those of the body in the morgue do not match. she joins steve in a us navy submarine as dick rides out to pay the ransom. at the appointed place, torchy and steve surface in the submarine, just in time to save dick and prove that the murders were all part of an elaborate plot by fitzhugh, mansfield, and condon to extort money from senator baldwin.
corpus document1697
torchy blane... playing with dynamite
torchy blane (jane wyman) is covering a bank robbery, one of a series committed by denver eddie. returning to her newspaper, torchy is stopped by a policeman for speeding, because she doesn't have her driver's license with her, he takes her to court. while in court for her traffic ticket, torchy encounters jackie maguire (sheila bromley) who is the girlfriend of notorious bank robber denver eddie and is sentenced to jail for shoplifting. after torchy's boyfriend, lt. steve mcbride (allen jenkins) identifies her, torchy is released. however, torchy ask steve to put her back in jail, after realizing that jackie is denver eddie's girlfriend. torchy gets herself thrown into jail so that she can befriend jackie and use her to get a lead on eddie. torchy has no luck with her plan until she helps subdue another prisoner who tries to stab jackie. jackie suggests that she and torchy escape from jail. steve agrees to cooperate with torchy's plan when she explains that the reward money for eddie's capture will enable them to get married. with the help and collusion of the police and her boyfriend steve, she escaped the women's prison with jackie to san francisco, where jackie is meeting her boyfriend. after torchy and jackie escapes, they are followed by steve and his assistant gahagan (tom kennedy). steve hopes to capture denver eddie to collected the $5000 reward as a down payment for a house for him and torchy. he decides not notify the local police of eddie's expected arrival, but his actions are so suspicious that the police think he and gahagan are criminals. jim simmons (edgar dearing) a san francisco policeman follows them, but steve succeeds in convincing him that gahagan is a wrestler and that he is his manager. meanwhile, torchy has arranged to signal steve when eddie arrives by hanging her stockings on the fire escape. gahagan sees jackie hang her stockings out to dry and they burst into the room, only to find that eddie has not arrived yet. torchy quickly makes up a story to explain their presence. when eddie finally arrived, one of his men recognizes steve as a policeman but pretended that steve is another criminal. steve, not knowing that they recognize him, invites eddie to join him in robbing the wrestling stadium. eddie agreed to the plan but arranged for his men to kidnap steve on the way there. at the wrestling arena, another reporter recognizes torchy and reveals her identity. after getting rid of eddie's men, steve rushes to the arena where gahagan, posed as a wrestler named harry the horse, gets thrown out of the ring just in time to land on eddie who is trying to escape. steve and gahagan are credited with the arrest, and torchy and steve now have the money to marry.
corpus document1698
torchy runs for mayor
torchy blane (glenda farrell) writes a series of articles criticizing the mayor john saunders, accusing him of colluding with local crime boss dr. dolan (john miljan) and dolan's illegal activities. torchy is getting all her information straight from the mayor's office, using a listening device. torchy's boyfriend, detective steve mcbride (barton maclane) is concerned about the articles, believing that they are placing her in danger. dolan asks his allies to withdraw advertising from torchy's newspaper and pressure her editor into canceling her articles. torchy is determined to prove that her articles are correct. she overhears dolan telling the mayor about his "little red book" with all of his transactions and illegal payoffs and finds the book after breaking into dolan's house. dolan reports the burglary to police and demand the return of his book. torchy writers more article exposing dolan, but her story is rejected by her newspaper editor, fearing more syndicate will pull advertising from the paper. she goes to all other newspapers, who all refused to print the story. when she encounters hogarth ward (irving bacon) the publisher of a small and relatively unknown newspaper. she decides to print the story herself and distributed the publication around the city with the help of gahagan (tom kennedy). after torchy revealed the mayor's corruption, the resultant publicity forces a recall election with the citizens chose hubert ward as the new candidate running against the corrupt mayor. however, during the election, hubert ward is murder by dolan with a fatal injection. steve, who is annoyed at torchy's interference, writes her name as the new candidate as a joke. to his dismay, torchy decides to run for mayor seriously and is winning voters. dolan's man kidnaps torchy and drugged her. steve threatens dolan to no avail but found an address where he believes dolan is keeping torchy. steve and gahagan track down the house and fights dolan and his man and saves torchy. a half dozen policeman arrived at the house arresting them. dolan manages to escape in gahagan's police car but is killed when the car explodes. torchy wins the election but decided that she didn't want to be the mayor.
corpus document1699
tower of london
the plot was not derived from shakespeare's richard iii, but rather was written by robert n. lee (director rowland v. lee's brother) after reading a great deal of british history. george, duke of clarence (one of richard's brothers) is depicted as something less than the tragically noble figure found in shakespeare. ian hunter portrays edward iv, who is not depicted here as the feeble, dying king found in laurence olivier's 1955 film version of shakespeare's play.
corpus document1700
trouble in sundown
a banker named cameron is suspected of a robbery because he was the only person who knew the vault lock's combination. when a corrupt land owner, ross daggett, tries to exact vigilante justice, rancher clint bradford goes to the aid of june cameron, the banker's daughter, and hides her father. june inadvertently leads daggett and his men, including hired gun dusty, to her father's hiding place, where cameron is captured and taken back to town. dusty is tricked by clint into revealing a secret panel through which daggett was able to view cameron's use of the vault combination. june is grateful to clint when her father goes free.
corpus document1701
undercover doctor
dr. bartley morgan appears to be a highly respectable doctor, and runs a profitable private practice with his nurse margaret hopkins. underneath his respectable veneer he is engaged in a range of illegalities. the fbi agent robert anders has to catch on to morgan's illicit activities.
corpus document1702
union pacific
the 1862 pacific railroad act signed by president lincoln authorizes pushing the union pacific railroad westward across the wilderness toward california, but financial opportunist asa barrows hopes to profit from obstructing it. chief troubleshooter jeff butler has his hands full fighting barrows' agent, gambler sid campeau. campeau's partner dick allen is jeff's war buddy and rival suitor for engineer's daughter molly monahan. who will survive the effort to push the railroad through at any cost?
corpus document1703
unmarried
nightclub hostess pat rogers and boyfriend slag bailey, a boxer, aren't sure what to do after their associate pins streaver tries to rob a safe and dies in the act. they travel together to pins's home in the country, where 12-year-old ted streaver returns from school, unaware his dad is dead. intending to stay a short while, pat and slag pretend to be a married couple and become the boy's foster parents. ted grows up to become a football hero in school, but trouble arises when cash enright, an unscrupulous boxing promoter, shows up and tries to persuade ted to step into the ring. slag ends up socked on the jaw by the kid, but ultimately succeeds in convincing him not to fight.
corpus document1704
waterfront
jim dolen (morgan), head of a dock-worker's union, can't resist a good fight, jim meets until ann stacey (dickson) who makes him promise to give up fighting to marry her. when his brother dan dolen (gardner) is killed by mart hendler (bond]). jim, with the aid of his pal frankie donahue (williams), sneaks out to go after mart. mart is hiding out with his girlfriend marie (bromley).
corpus document1705
way down south
in pre-civil war louisiana in 1854, young timothy reid jr. (breen) is orphaned. he inherits a plantation and its well-cared-for slaves. however, lawyer martin dill (maxwell) is made the executor for the minor. dill plots to sell off the slaves and flee to paris with the proceeds. timothy is befriended by jacques bouton (mowbray), who persuades judge louis ravenal (greig) to look into the matter and save the day.
corpus document1706
we want our mummy
museum curators dr. powell (bud jamison) and professor wilson (james c. morton) hire the stooges as private detectives to locate professor tuttle of egyptology, who went missing while attempting to find the mummy of egyptian king rootin' tootin' in cairo. the stooges check the basement and help a man take a box onto a truck, not aware that tuttle is bound and gagged inside. they are then told by the curators to find the tomb and bring back the mummy, for which they will be paid $5,000. they hail a taxicab in new york city, and inform the bewildered driver (eddie laughton) they are bound for egypt. once in egypt, the boys, under the duress of a mirage, believe an empty patch of sand is a lake of cool water, and dive in, inadvertently diving into a series of underground tunnels that may lead to the tomb of rootin' tootin'. they begin to investigate, but end up separated, as curly runs afoul with a living mummy. he takes off running, and he and his pals reunite. upon their arrival, the stooges learn that tuttle is being held hostage by a group of thieves; they have him bound and gagged as the stooges wander through the underground tunnels. curly finds what the stooges believe to be the mummy of rootin' tootin' in a secret room, activated by a trap door. when curly tries to pick it up, he clumsily drops it, crumbling it to dust. they then hear gang boss jackson (dick curtis) threatening the professor in the hopes of getting him to tell the crooks where the mummy is. the frightened professor tells them, and is warned that if the mummy is not there, he and the stooges will be killed. the stooges realize they will be killed if jackson discovers the crushed mummy, so moe gets the idea to make a mummy out of curly. curly responds by stating, "i can't be a mummy, i'm a daddy!", but he relents when warned of the alternative. he lies on the stone slab in disguise when the crooks arrive. jackson decides to search for the jewels by cutting curly open, causing curly to open the bandages on his chest when jackson turns his head away. jackson then searches in curly's jacket, pulls a newspaper out and reads "'yanks win world series' — can you beat that!" curly blows his cover by replying, "yeah, and i won five bucks!" realizing he has been tricked, jackson charges curly, but in the process of chasing the stooges, he and his cronies fall into a well curly had fallen into earlier and hid using a carpet. the stooges admit to professor tuttle that curly had destroyed the mummy; however, it turns out, that the mummy which was destroyed was not that of king rootin' tootin', but of his wife, queen hotsy-totsy. he holds up a small mummy case, containing the real mummy of rootin' tootin', who was a midget. an alligator crawls into the room when no one is looking and stands still. curly spots the still alligator and believes it to be another mummy, and plans to take it home with him. when curly bends over to grab some rope, the alligator bites curly on the behind. when curly tells moe, larry & the professor what happened, they don't believe him - until the alligator snaps his jaws again. the four run frightened out of the tunnels and back to the waiting cab outside.
corpus document1707
what a life
in the first henry aldrich film, henry (jackie cooper) is falsely accused of making trouble at school. he must clear himself.
corpus document1708
when tomorrow comes
a married pianist (charles boyer) deserts his mentally troubled wife when he falls in love with a pretty waitress (irene dunne).
corpus document1709
wife, husband and friend
the opera season has opened in new york city, and building contractor leonard borland (baxter), who comes from a working-class background, is coping with the musical ambitions of his wife doris (young), who is from a socially prominent family. despite his misgivings that she has no talent, she is being trained for a career in singing by the voice teacher hugo (cesar romero).[1] doris prepares for a recital that leonard supports, hoping that will get singing "out of her system." the performance is witnessed by opera singer cecil carver (barnes), who is attracted to leonard and believes that doris lacks sufficient talent to become a pro. cecil accidentally discovers that leonard ironically does have a great operatic voice, and offers to train him.[1] leonard goes along, egged on by cecil, who believes that this will allow him to finally be on doris' social level. while doris' singing career flounders, leonard's career as "logan bennett" meets with critical success in a tour with cecil.[1] after returning to new york in preparation for a national tour, leonard finds doris has become ill because she was booed off the stage in her professional debut. he does not join cecil on the tour. that night, doris is confronted by cecil at a party. leonard claims innocence to adultery, and performs "on the road to mandalay" to prove his musical talent. doris becomes despondent, and she and leonard split up.[1] leonard is cajoled by cecil to perform the lead in an opera. but leonard makes a fool of himself, and that leads to a reconciliation with doris. cecil is outraged and vows never to see him again. leonard returns to the contracting business and gives up singing.[1]
corpus document1710
wings of the navy
submarine officer jerry harrington (john payne) goes to pensacola to train as a flying cadet, just like his legendary father and illustrious brother, longtime airman cass harrington (george brent). jerry ends up falling for his brother's girlfriend, irene dale (olivia de havilland), which only increases the competition between the two brothers. after cass is seriously injured in a crash, he is forced to leave the navy. jerry becomes a pilot in san diego and begins flying seaplanes while cass designs a new fighter for the navy. jerry wants to prove to cass that he is a better pilot, even if it means leaving the navy to test the experimental fighter which has already led to the death of a test pilot. irene is forced to choose which man she loves.
corpus document1711
winner take all
a rodeo rider from montana stranded in new york city with no money, steve bishop can't pay for his meal at papa and mama gambini's restaurant, so he offers to work off his debt as a waiter. when someone else interested in that job harasses papa, he is flattened by steve. eyewitnesses among the customers include a sportswriter, julie harrison, and her boyfriend, fight promoter tom walker. a chance is offered steve to participate in a boxing exhibition with six men in a ring at once. he ends up the victor, raising money for a good cause supported by papa. walker decides to promote steve as a prizefighter, and he begins earning victories and money. steve doesn't realize these fights have been fixed in advance. julie teaches him a lesson the hard way, telling steve's next opponent to deck him. walker, no longer able to promote steve as undefeated, sells julie his contract for 25 cents. under her guidance, he is able to upset paulie mitchell in his next fight, pleasing papa and julie both.
corpus document1712
the wizard of oz
the film begins in kansas, which is depicted in a sepia tone. dorothy gale lives with her dog toto on the farm of her aunt em and uncle henry. dorothy's dog gets in trouble with a mean neighbor, miss almira gulch, when toto bites her. however, dorothy's family and the farmhands are all too busy to pay attention to her. miss gulch arrives with permission from the sheriff to have toto euthanized. she takes him away, but he escapes and returns to dorothy, who then decides to run away from home, fearing that gulch will return. they meet professor marvel, a phony but kindly fortune teller, who realizes dorothy has run away and tricks her via his crystal ball into believing that aunt em is ill so that she must return home. she races home just as a powerful tornado strikes. unable to get into her family's storm cellar, she seeks safety in her bedroom. a wind-blown window sash hits her in the head, knocking her out. the house is picked up and sent spinning in the air by the twister. she awakens and looks outside the window, seeing the twister and various figures flying by in the storm, including an elderly lady rocking in a chair, several farm animals, two men rowing a boat, and miss gulch (still pedaling her bicycle), who transforms into a cackling witch flying on a broomstick. the farmhouse crashes in munchkinland in the land of oz, where the film changes to technicolor. glinda the good witch of the north and the munchkins welcome her as their heroine, as the house has landed on and killed the wicked witch of the east, leaving only her stocking feet exposed. the wicked witch of the west, arrives to claim her sister's ruby slippers, but glinda transports them onto dorothy's feet first. the wicked witch of the west swears revenge on dorothy for her sister's death. glinda tells dorothy to follow the yellow brick road to the emerald city, where the wizard of oz might be able to help her get back home. on her way, dorothy meets and befriends the scarecrow, who wants a brain, the tin woodman, who desires a heart, and the cowardly lion, who is in need of courage. dorothy invites each of them to accompany her. after the witch attempts to stop them several times, they finally reach the emerald city. inside, after being initially rejected, they are permitted to see the wizard (who appears as a large head surrounded by fire). he agrees to grant their wishes when they bring him the witch of the west's broomstick. on their journey to the witch's castle, the group passes through the haunted forest, while the witch views their progress through a crystal ball. she sends her winged monkeys to harass dorothy; they capture dorothy and toto. at the castle, the witch receives a magical shock when she tries to get the slippers off dorothy, then remembers that dorothy must be dead first. toto escapes and leads her friends to the castle. after ambushing three winkie guards, they march inside wearing the stolen uniforms and free her, but the witch discovers them and traps them. however, the scarecrow uses the tin man's axe to cut a rope nearby and send gigantic chandelier, swinging overhead, down onto the witch's soldiers, knocking them to the floor and the quartet attempt to escape. the witch and her guards chase them through the castle, across battlements and finally surround them. when the witch sets fire to the scarecrow, dorothy puts out the flames with a bucket of water; the witch is splashed and melts away. the guards rejoice that she is dead and give dorothy the charred broomstick in gratitude. back at the emerald city, the wizard delays granting their requests. then toto pulls back a curtain and exposes the "wizard" as a normal middle-aged man who has been projecting the fearsome image; he denies dorothy's accusation that he is a bad man, but admits to being a humbug. he then gives the scarecrow a diploma, the lion a medal, and the tin man a ticking heart-shaped watch, granting their wishes and convincing them that they have received what they sought. he then prepares to launch his hot air balloon to take dorothy home, but toto chases a cat, dorothy follows, and the balloon leaves without them. suddenly, glinda returns and tells her that she can still return home by using the ruby slippers. following glinda's instructions, dorothy taps her heels together three times and repeats, "there's no place like home". dorothy wakes up in her home in kansas, surrounded by her family, the farmhands, professor marvel and toto. though her family and friends dismiss her adventure as a dream, dorothy insists that it was all real, and that there is no place like home.
corpus document1713
the women
the women follows the lives of manhattan women, focusing in particular on mary haines, the cheerful, contented wife of stephen and mother of little mary. after a bit of gossip flies around the salon these wealthy women visit, mary's cousin sylvia fowler goes to a salon to get the newest, exclusive nail color: jungle red. she learns from a manicurist that mary's husband has been having an affair with a predatory perfume counter girl named crystal allen. a notorious gossip, sylvia delights in sharing the news with mary's friends; she sets up mary with an appointment with the same manicurist so that she hears the rumor about stephen's infidelity. while mary's mother urges her to ignore the gossip, mary begins to have her own suspicions about her husband's increasingly frequent claims that he needs to work late. she decides to travel to bermuda with her mother to think about the situation and hope the rumors will fade. upon her return, mary heads to a fashion show and learns that crystal is in attendance, trying on clothes in a dressing room. mary, at sylvia's insistence, confronts her about the affair, but crystal is completely unapologetic and slyly suggests that mary keep the status quo unless she wants to lose stephen in a divorce. heartbroken and humiliated, mary leaves quickly. the gossip continues, exacerbated by sylvia and her friend edith, who turns the affair into a public scandal by recounting sylvia's version of the story to a notorious gossip columnist. mary chooses to divorce her husband despite his efforts to convince her to stay. as she is packing to leave for reno, mary explains the divorce to little mary. on the train to reno, where she will get her divorce, mary meets several women with the same destination and purpose: the dramatic, extravagant countess de lave; miriam aarons, a tough-cookie chorus girl; and, to her surprise, her friend peggy day, a shy young woman. mary and her new friends settle in at a reno ranch, where they get plenty of unsolicited advice from lucy, the gruffly warm-hearted woman who runs the ranch. the countess tells tales of her multiple husbands and seems to have found another prospect in reno, a cowboy named buck winston. miriam reveals she has been having an affair with sylvia fowler's husband and plans to marry him. peggy, who has discovered that she is pregnant, is urged to call her husband, resolve their misunderstanding, and end the divorce proceedings. she succeeds. sylvia arrives at the ranch, now that her husband has requested a divorce ("well, girls: move over"). when she discovers that miriam is to become the new mrs. fowler, a catfight ensues. mary succeeds in breaking up the fight. miriam convinces her that she, too, should forget her pride, get her husband on the phone, and try to patch things up before their divorce becomes legal in a few hours. before mary can decide, it rings — the call is from stephen, who informs mary that crystal and he have just been married. two years pass. at the haines apartment, crystal, now mrs. haines, is taking a bubble bath and talking on the phone to her lover, who turns out to be buck winston, now the husband of the countess and a successful radio star. little mary overhears the conversation before being shooed away by crystal, who, not surprisingly, has no time or patience for the child. sylvia figures out with whom crystal has been speaking and is having an affair. still an unrelenting gossip, sylvia tucks this information away for later use. mary hosts a dinner for her reno friends to celebrate the two-year anniversary of the countess and buck, after which the countess, miriam, and peggy go to a nightclub and urge mary to come along. mary decides to stay home. she chats with little mary, who inadvertently reveals how unhappy stephen is and mentions crystal's "lovey dovey" talk with buck on the telephone. this news changes mary's mind about the party. she gets dressed up, intent on fighting to get her ex back: "i've had two years to grow claws, mother -- jungle red!" at the nightclub (in the ladies' room), mary worms the details of the affair out of sylvia, then makes sure that a gossip columnist (played by a real-life one, hedda hopper) is alerted to it. mary tells the countess that her husband buck has been having an affair with crystal, then informs crystal that everyone knows what she has been doing. crystal does not care and tells mary she can have stephen back, since she will now have buck to support her. the countess reveals that she has been funding buck's radio career and that with crystal, he will be penniless and out of a job. crystal resigns herself to the fact that she will be heading back to the perfume counter, adding: "and by the way, there's a name for you ladies, but it isn't used in high society -- outside of a kennel." mary, triumphant, heads out the door and up the stairs to win back stephen, who is waiting for her.
corpus document1714
women in the wind
the women's air derby from los angeles to cleveland means a lot to young aviator janet steele (kay francis), who uses every trick in the book to try to persuade record-setting pilot ace boreman (william gargan) to lend her his very fast aircraft. ace is reluctant, but janet steals his craft to demonstrate her skill. he also learns that she is the sister of bill steele (charles anthony hughes), a pilot friend of his who crashed and is bedridden. when ace discovers that janet needs the money to pay for an operation for bill, he has no further objections to janet flying his airplane. complications ensue when ace's estranged ex-wife frieda (sheila bromley) notifies him their mexican divorce is not legal. the airplane remains half hers, and she intends to go after the derby's $15,000 first prize herself. she manages to convince janet that ace is a heel. ace is able to get his buddy denny corson (eddie foy, jr.), who has just broken his speed record, to let janet use his home-built aircraft instead, without letting janet know that ace is responsible. in the race, janet reaches the first stopover at wichita first, with frieda close behind. janet and ace's friend kit campbell (eve arden) crashes after her engine catches fire. janet wants to stay with her, but kit insists she is okay; she also hands janet a letter. the letter is from doc; he loves janet himself, but writes that it was ace who got her denny's airplane. meanwhile, frieda runs into an acquaintance working as a race mechanic. he asks her if it is worth $2000 to her to have janet's airplane sabotaged. when she agrees, the mechanic arranges a fuel leak. janet is forced to land on a farm. she manages to refuel, but as she is taking off again, she clips something and one of the wheels on her landing gear is torn off without her noticing. when janet flies into a severe electrical storm, her radio is disabled. frieda and janet are neck and neck at the finish in cleveland. the people on the ground see that janet's landing gear is damaged, but are unable to notify her. frieda, hearing the radio message, signals janet about her danger, forfeiting her own opportunity to win. janet is able to land safely and win the race. afterward, she thanks frieda, who also hands ace a telegram that says the divorce was legal after all, so janet wins ace as well.
corpus document1715
wuthering heights
a traveller named lockwood (miles mander) is caught in the snow and stays at the estate of wuthering heights, despite the cold behaviour of his aged host, heathcliff (laurence olivier). late that night, after being shown into an upstairs room that was once a bridal chamber, lockwood is awakened by a cold draft and finds the window shutter flapping back and forth. just as he is about to close it, he feels an icy hand clutching his and sees a woman outside calling, "heathcliff, let me in! i'm out on the moors. it's cathy!" lockwood calls heathcliff and tells him what he saw, whereupon the enraged heathcliff throws him out of the room. as soon as lockwood is gone, heathcliff frantically calls out to cathy, runs down the stairs and out of the house, into the snowstorm. ellen, the housekeeper (flora robson), tells the amazed lockwood that he has seen the ghost of cathy earnshaw, heathcliff's great love, who died years before. when lockwood says that he doesn't believe in ghosts, ellen tells him that he might if she told him the story of cathy. and so the main plot begins as a long flashback. the plot then flashes back 40 years. as a boy, heathcliff is found on the streets by mr. earnshaw (cecil kellaway), who brings him home to live with his two children, cathy and hindley. at first reluctant, cathy eventually welcomes heathcliff and they become very close, but hindley treats him as an outcast, especially after mr. earnshaw dies. about ten years later, the now-grown heathcliff and cathy (merle oberon) have fallen in love and are meeting secretly on peniston crag (because of censorship, their relationship in the film is kept strictly platonic in spite of the fact that they do kiss, while in the novel it is implied that their relationship was romantic). hindley (hugh williams) has become dissolute and tyrannical and hates heathcliff. one night, as cathy and heathcliff are out together, they hear music and realize that their neighbors, the lintons, are giving a party. cathy and heathcliff sneak to the lintons and climb over their garden wall, but the dogs are alerted and cathy is injured. heathcliff is forced to leave cathy in their care. enraged that cathy would be so entranced by the linton's glamor and wealth, he blames them for her injury and curses them. months later, cathy is fully recuperated but still living at the lintons. edgar linton (david niven) has fallen in love with cathy and soon proposes, and after edgar takes her back to wuthering heights, she tells ellen what has happened. ellen reminds her about heathcliff, but cathy flippantly remarks that it would degrade her to marry him. heathcliff overhears and leaves. cathy realizes that heathcliff has overheard, is overcome by guilt and runs out after him into a raging storm. edgar finds her and nurses her back to health once again, and soon he and cathy marry. heathcliff was thought to have disappeared forever but returns two years later, now wealthy and elegant. he has refined his appearance and manners in order to both impress and spite cathy and secretly buys wuthering heights from hindley, who has become an alcoholic. in order to further spite cathy, heathcliff begins courting edgar's naive sister, isabella (geraldine fitzgerald), and eventually marries her. the brokenhearted cathy soon falls gravely ill. heathcliff rushes to her side against the wishes of the now disillusioned and bitter isabella, and cathy dies in heathcliff's arms. the flashback ends and we return to ellen finishing her story. the family doctor, dr. kenneth (donald crisp), bursts in, saying that he (dr. kenneth) must be mad, having seen heathcliff in the snow, walking with his arm around a woman. ellen exclaims, "it was cathy!" and dr. kenneth says, "no, i don't know who it was", and tells them that he was then thrown from his horse. as he drew closer, he found heathcliff lying in the snow. the woman had disappeared and there was no sign of her, and only heathcliff's footprints appeared in the snow, not hers. lockwood asks, "is he dead?", and dr. kenneth nods, but ellen says, "no, not dead, dr. kenneth. and not alone. he's with her. they've only just begun to live." the last thing seen in the film are the ghosts of heathcliff and cathy, walking in the snow, superimposed over a shot of peniston crag.
corpus document1716
yes, we have no bonanza
the stooges are singing waiters in a saloon out west, accompanied by three cowgirls. unfortunately, saloon keeper maxey (dick curtis) is surly and patronizing to the hard working girls. the girls have little choice, as they are forced to work for him because their father is in debt. the stooges vow to make enough money to pay off the debt and wed the girls, and decide to go prospecting for gold. unknown to the stooges, however, maxey has recently robbed a bank and buried the loot. before they find the stolen treasure with the stocks and gold bonds, the stooges have a mishap, when a rock hits curly, and thinking that it was moe's doing, throws a rock at moe, causing moe to throw a stick of dynamite, which lands near yorick, the burro. when their dog takes the stick of dynamite and puts it into the box of canned food supplies, moe thinks that yorick ate the dynamite and tries to have the burro drink from a bucket of water, before the explosion. in their digging, the boys managed to discover maxey's stash, thinking they are truly in the dough. they return to town, but maxey gets his hands on the money and flees the saloon. the stooges, of course, catch up with maxey, retrieve the loot, and end up giving back to the bank from whence it came, much to their astonishment.
corpus document1717
you can't cheat an honest man
whipsnade is struggling to keep a step ahead of foreclosure, and clearly not paying his performers, including bergen and mccarthy, who try to coax money out of him, or in mccarthy's case, steal some outright. whipsnade's co-ed daughter pays a visit and falls in love with bergen, but after she sees the financial mess that her father is in, she decides to marry a tiresome young millionaire. whipsnade initially approves of the marriage, and just to be sure that the penniless bergen doesn't win out (and make mccarthy an in-law), he sets the pair adrift in a hot-air balloon. however, whipsnade creates a scene at the engagement party, and father and daughter escape together in a chariot, with bergen and mccarthy in pursuit.
corpus document1718
you can't get away with murder
in new york's hell's kitchen, young johnny stone (billy halop) goes against the advice of his sister madge (gale page) and hooks up with mobster frank wilson (humphrey bogart). first, johnny and frank steal a car, and then hold up a gas station. later, johnny takes a gun belonging to madge's fiancé fred burke (harvey stephens) and lends it to frank to use in a pawnshop robbery. this time the owner resists and sounds an alarm; frank kills him and leaves the gun there, so johnny cannot return it to fred's room as he intended. after finding his gun at the scene, the authorities do not believe fred's alibi and he is arrested and convicted of murder. meanwhile, based on fingerprint evidence, frank and johnny are arrested and convicted of the gas station robbery. all three men are sent to sing sing. johnny is not a hardened criminal like frank, and is tortured by the thought that fred is facing execution for their crime. but frank repeatedly reminds johnny that he must continue "playing dumb", as both of them face execution if either confesses. the prison authorities are suspicious of their attitude to each other and transfer johnny from working in the prison shoe factory alongside frank to the prison library run by a mild-mannered older convict known as pop (henry travers). johnny expects fred to be cleared on appeal, not knowing that frank also planted stolen property as evidence against him. when the appeal is denied, johnny's pangs of conscience increase. by now madge is convinced that johnny knows the true killer and begs him to talk, still not suspecting johnny's own involvement. pop also appeals to johnny's conscience. fred's lawyer, carey (john litel), eventually deduces that johnny took fred's gun and was responsible for its presence at the murder, but without evidence the district attorney (herbert rawlinson) will not request a stay of fred's execution. through all this, johnny continues to "play dumb". on the day set for fred's execution, frank and johnny join in a jailbreak. in that situation johnny is finally willing to tell the truth. he produces a written confession that he stole the gun and frank did the shooting, leaving it for pop to find after the breakout. but frank sees him drop the paper and takes it instead. he decides to kill johnny after the jailbreak. but the jailbreak fails, ending with frank and johnny in a railroad boxcar surrounded by prison guards. frank has a gun and starts shooting at the guards from concealment. when they return fire, frank shoots johnny and puts the gun next to him, then gives himself up, claiming that he was unarmed. but, although mortally wounded, johnny survives long enough to tell the truth, implicating frank for both murders and finally clearing fred.
corpus document1719
young mr. lincoln
a family traveling through new salem, illinois in their wagon need groceries from lincoln's store and the only thing of value they have is a barrel of old books including a law book, blackstone's commentaries. after thoroughly reading the book, abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, ann rutledge (pauline moore). too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend john stuart (edwin maxwell). at a july 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl – the accused are two brothers. lincoln prevents the lynching of the accused at the jail by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. admiring his courage, mary todd (marjorie weaver) – later to be his wife – invites lincoln to her sister's soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. the key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. the family and lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other's conviction. but lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. he then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself.
corpus document1720
zaza
a glamorous female singer (colbert) has an affair with a married man (marshall).
corpus document1721
zenobia
hardy plays dr. henry tibbett, a country doctor who is called on by a travelling circus trainer to cure his sick elephant. after the doctor heals the grateful beast, the elephant becomes so attached to him that it starts to follow him everywhere. this leads to the trainer suing dr. tibbett for alienation of affection.
corpus document1722
the zero hour
this grim melodrama tells the story of a kindly theatrical producer who mentors a beautiful young girl and helps her to become a big broadway star. in time the two fall in love and decide to wed. unfortunately, en route to a justice of the peace, tragedy strikes the happy couple and the would-be groom ends up permanently paralyzed. still, his girl remains devoted to him and the marriage proceeds. nine years pass and the woman decides she wants to adopt a child. all things seem to be in place for the adoption, but unfortunately, a widower shows up to claim the child. the wife and the widower begin an affair soon after meeting. when the husband finds out, he selflessly executes his final option to ensure his wife's future happiness.[1]
corpus document1723
zorro's fighting legion
the mysterious don del oro ("lord of gold"), an idol of the yaqui, emerges and attacks the gold trade of the republic of mexico, intent on becoming emperor. a man named francisco is put in charge of a fighting legion to combat the yaqui tribe and protect the gold; he is attacked by men working for don del oro. zorro comes to his rescue, but it is too late for him[clarification needed]. francisco's partner recognizes zorro as the hidalgo don diego vega. francisco asks diego, as zorro, to take over the fighting legion and defeat don del oro.
corpus document1724
abe lincoln in illinois
abe lincoln (raymond massey) leaves home for the first time, having been hired along with two of his friends by denton offut(harlan briggs) to take a load of pigs by water to new orleans. when the boat gets stuck at a dam at the settlement of new salem, abe sees and loses his heart to ann rutledge (mary howard), the beautiful daughter of the local tavern keeper. when denton later offers him a job at the store he has decided to set up in new salem, abe readily accepts. abe discovers however that ann already has a beau. nonetheless, he settles in, making himself the most popular man around with his ready, good-natured humor, and taking lessons from schoolteacher mentor graham (louis jean heydt). when his rival for ann's affections leaves to better himself, ann waits for him two years before receiving a letter from him in which he states he does not know when he will return. abe seizes the opportunity to express his love for her; she is unsure of her feelings for him and asks for a little time. she soon dies from "brain fever", telling abe on her deathbed that she could have loved him. abe is asked to run for the state assembly. he reluctantly accepts and wins, but after his first term in springfield, illinois, he decides to study the law instead. when mary todd (ruth gordon) visits her sister elizabeth edwards (dorothy tree) and her wealthy, influential husband ninian (harvey stephens), a party is held in her honor. all the eligible bachelors show up, including abe's fiercest political rival, stephen douglas (gene lockhart). however, it is the homely, unpolished abe who catches mary's fancy, much to her sister's chagrin. ambitious, mary senses greatness in him and is determined to drive him to his rightful destiny, despite his lack of ambition. abe does ask her to marry him, but changes his mind at the last minute, discomfited by her drive, and leaves town. after thinking things over, however, he asks for her hand again. she accepts. years pass, and they have several children. with a presidential election looming, abe's party is so split that the favorites are unacceptable to all. the party leaders compromise on "dark horse" abe lincoln. he engages in a series of debates with stephen douglas, the opposing candidate. a main issue is slavery. in a stirring speech, abe contends that "a house divided against itself cannot stand". he wins the election. as the film ends, abe bids his friends goodbye and boards the train to go to washington, dc.
corpus document1725
adventure in diamonds
captain stephen dennett of the royal air force is on board a passenger airliner en route to south africa, when he meets the beautiful and glamorous felice falcon. he is unaware of the fact that felice is an accomplished jewel thief, travelling with her partner in crime, michael barclay. the two of them have made a plan for a heist in the south african mines - stealing a shipment of diamonds and escaping unnoticed. the diamonds are already cached by one of felice’s accomplices, but she needs a way to get into the restricted mine area without raising suspicion. that is where the unfortunate and clueless captain comes into the picture. felice decides to use him for her own benefit, charming him to promise to get her into the forbidden area using his status as a military officer. the captain isn’t that easily fooled though, and with his own agenda, he ends up with the stolen jewels himself. he decides to frame the two thieves, and makes contact with his acquaintance, the police commissioner colonel j.w. lansfield. he turns the jewels over to the colonel, who has been set on catching barclay for a long time, and he sets a trap with the diamond jewels. however, the plan backfires, and felice is caught in the trap instead of barclay. she is sentenced to prison, but is offered a parole by the colonel if she agrees to help out catching a new ring of jewel thieves operating in the area. she is to pretend to be stephen’s new wife, and the two of them are supposed to deliver the stolen jewels to the new gang. while they wait to be contacted by the gang, felice and stephen spend some quality time together, and felice falls in love with stephen for real. she decides to renounce her criminal past and start anew. when the gang eventually make contact, it turns out that the leader is felice’s old accomplice barclay, and their cover is instantly blown. they have to be rescued by the colonel and his men, but felice is permanently out of prison and can start her new life with stephen.[2]
corpus document1726
all this, and heaven too
mademoiselle henriette deluzy-desportes (bette davis), a french woman, starts teaching at an american girls school. she is confronted by the tales and gossip about her that circulate among her pupils and, thus provoked, she decides to tell them her life story. deluzy-desportes is governess to the four children of the duc de praslin (charles boyer) and the duchesse de praslin (barbara o'neil) in paris during the last years of the orleans monarchy. as a result of the duchesse's constantly erratic and temperamental behavior, all that remains is an unhappy marriage, but the duc remains with his wife for sake of their children. deluzy-desportes. with her warmth and kindness, wins the love and affection of the children and their father, but also the jealousy and hatred of their mother. she is forced to leave and the duchess refuses to give her a letter of recommendation to future employers. the duc confronts his wife and she invents alternate letters taking opposite attitudes, which in fact she has not written and does not intend to write. her account enrages him and, at the breaking point, he kills her. the duc de praslin is in a privileged position; as a peer his case can only be heard by other nobles. he refuses to confess his guilt or openly to admit his love for henriette deluzy-desportes, knowing that his fellow nobles wish to use such an admission to blame her for the murder by declaring that he was acting at her bidding. ultimately the duc takes poison to prevent himself from ever publicly proclaiming his love for henriette, since he knows that would convict her; however, he lives long enough to reveal it to another of his servants, pierre (harry davenport), a kindly old man who had warned the governess to leave the de praslin household. with the duc's death, the authorities accept that they have no evidence upon which to base a judgment that henriette solicited the murder and she is released. deluzy-desportes had been recommended for the teaching position "in the land of the free" by an american minister, rev. henry field (jeffrey lynn), to whom she had expressed a loss of faith while in prison. he proposes marriage, and it is implied that henriette will accept.
corpus document1727
always a bride
wealthy alice bond (rosemary lane), dissatisfied with her dishwater-dull fiance marshall winkler (john eldredge), throws him over in favor of michael stevens (george reeves). to make certain that her new beau will be acceptable to her parents, alice contrives to have michael enter a mayoral campaign. as election day draws close, criminals complicate matters.[1]
corpus document1728
and one was beautiful
glamorous socialite helen lattimer (jean muir) is reaching for the top of society, while her younger sister kate (laraine day) is perfectly content as she is. helen is very determined not to go to a seemingly dull party, so she sends kate instead. at the party, kate meets playboy ridley crane (robert cummings). they hit it off and spend the evening talking about cars. kate is instantly smitten by ridley, but he is more interested in her beautiful and more glamorous sister. the night after, ridley gets drunk at a road house and passes out. helen decides to drive him home in his sports car, but she is not used to the roadster manual shift gear and hits and kills a bicyclist. helen runs away, leaving ridley behind in the car. ridley is arrested and charged with manslaughter. when helen returns home very upset, kate suspects that there is something wrong. helen has stains on her driving gloves and she immediately starts burying a small package in the garden. kate digs up the package, which contains her sister’s shoe with a missing heel. kate knows that a heel was found in ridley’s car, but when she confronts her sister, helen denies everything. kate goes on to tell ridley about what she has found, but he decides to shield helen and pleads guilty. the judge makes an example of him and sentences him to five to ten years in sing sing. kate takes every opportunity to remind her sister that she is responsible, driving helen to marry a lawyer to escape the incessant accusations. kate visits ridley as often as allowed. ridley has arranged for the dead man's family to be financially secure, and kate sees them regularly as well to make sure everything is alright. kate eventually has them write letters to the governor asking for a pardon. it works. meanwhile, helen separates from a husband she finds excruciatingly boring. when ridley is released from prison, she is eagerly waiting for him, assuming they will get married, but he proposes to kate instead.
corpus document1729
andy hardy meets debutante
andy hardy (mickey rooney) from carvel becomes infatuated with a well-known young socialite, daphne fowler (diana lewis), from new york city. even though he hasn’t met the woman in person, he drops her name to his friends and tells them that they are very well acquainted. he even lets his friends believe he is romantically involved with miss fowler. hardy’s senseless namedropping gets him into trouble when his father, the honorable judge james k. hardy (lewis stone), decides to move to new york with the whole family, to work on a case involving an orphanage. the judge has to appear in court against a law firm that is disputing payments from a trust fund that supports the orphanage. andy’s friends, who happen to be editors at a paper, want to print the story about the romantic couple, and andy is forced to get to know the socialite to avoid embarrassment. he goes off on a pursuit to meet daphne and become friends with her. in new york, andy encounters an old female friend, betsy booth (judy garland), who happens to have a crush on him. soon andy has to evade romantic propositions from betsy, while he is trying to meet with the popular and seemingly unattainable daphne. against all odds, andy hears on radio that daphne is to attend a function at a restaurant. he manages to get into the restaurant where daphne is present, but he gets into trouble when he can’t live up to his own story about being a wealthy man, not being able to pay his bill. things look dark for andy, but his father goes from despair to success when he wins the orphanage case. andy is inspired by his father’s successful litigation, and in a moment of honesty, he tells his friend betty about his situation. it turns out betsy is friends with daphne, and she agrees to introduce andy to her.[2] thus, andy avoids all embarrassment when the article about him and daphne is published. in the end, andy finds the high society life too expensive, and realizes that betsy is the one for him. they have their first kiss, and they promise to write to each other regularly.
corpus document1730
an angel from texas
peter "tex" coleman (eddie albert), a butter and egg man from texas, comes to new york with his mother's life savings to buy a hotel in the big city and be near his stage struck sweetheart, lydia weston (rosemary lane). upon his arrival, tex finds lydia working as a secretary for a couple of fast-talking producers rather than being the stage star that her home town thinks she has become. tex is just the angel for whom sharpshooter producers mac mcclure (wayne morris) and marty allen (ronald reagan) have been waiting, because they have a play set for rehearsal but no money to produce it, and their leading lady, valerie blayne (ruth terry), is adding to their problems by threatening reprisals from her gangster boyfriend, pooch davis (milburn stone), unless the show opens on schedule. tex agrees to invest his money in the show if lydia is given the lead, and when mac and marty consent to his terms, the play goes into rehearsal as a drama with two leading ladies. when valerie threatens mac with bodily harm unless she plays the lead, mac informs tex that he is going to fire lydia unless he buys the entire show. sensing that the play would work as a farce, marty's wife marge puts up the money on the condition that tex play the male lead. true to marge's instincts, on opening night, the play has the audience rolling in the aisles as dynamite planted on stage by valerie's vindictive boyfriend explodes, and the actors' performances are so bad that they are funny. as a comedy, the show becomes a smash success, but when a plagiarism suit looms on the horizon, tex and marge sell the show back to its eager producers and leave them holding the bag.
corpus document1731
angels over broadway
bill o'brien is a new york con man in search of a suitable gullible person to make some money on. in a fancy nightclub he finds charles engle, a man ridden by guilt and on the brink of committing suicide after embezzling a large sum of money that he has spent on his high-maintenance wife. charles has the appearance of a common hillbilly from out of town visiting the city and bill decides to scam him for his money. bill is unaware that the desperate charles only has until 6 am to pay back the money he has embezzled before the crime is discovered. one of the showgirls at the club, nina barona, is persuaded by bill to help trick charles into entering a poker game to win back the money. the game is arranged by a gangster named dutch enright. another disillusioned man at the club, playwright gene gibbons, learns about charles's misfortune from the suicide note he discovers in his coat, and wants to write the man a story with a happier ending. he tries to get a valuable brooch from his ex-girlfriend, to give to charles so that he can get the money, but his plan fails because the brooch is a cheap copy. instead he overhears bill telling of his poker scam against charles, and persuades bill to change the plan so that charles wins the first rounds and is allowed to escape from the game after that. a deal is made, that bill gets whatever charles wins over the $3,000 he needs to pay the money back. however, gene passes out while waiting for the game to start, and when he wakes up he does not remember the deal he made with bill, but goes home to his wife. bill discovers that gene is gone, and dutch finds out about charles's planned escape, and tries to stop him. nina convinces bill to do the right thing and help fend off dutch's men when they try to get charles and the money back. bill is changed by his discovery that behaving honorably has a positive effect on him; he falls in love with nina, who returns his feelings. thus they get a happy ending of their own.[2]
corpus document1732
anne of windy poplars
anne shirley takes up a teaching position in a town where she finds herself unaccountably in conflict with the founding family and its sour matriarch.
corpus document1733
the ape
dr. bernard adrian is a kindly scientist who seeks to cure a young woman's polio. all he needs is spinal fluid from a human to complete the formula for his experimental serum. meanwhile, a vicious circus ape has broken out of its cage and is terrorizing the townspeople. the ape eventually breaks into dr. adrian's lab. the doctor manages to kill it before any harm can come to himself. however, the spinal fluids he requires to perform his experiments have all been destroyed during the struggle between him and the ape. doctor adrian then concocts an idea: he will tear off the ape's flesh and use its skin to disguise himself as the escaped circus animal and murder townspeople in order to extract their spinal fluid. thus the murders will be blamed on the ape and he, himself, will manage to avoid any suspicion. however, one of his attacks towards the film's ending is unsuccessful; he is fatally knifed and the ape's "true identity" is revealed.
corpus document1734
argentine nights
three conmen go to argentina to escape their creditors.
corpus document1735
arise, my love
american pilot tom martin (ray milland) is a soldier of fortune who went to spain to fight in the spanish civil war. during the summer of 1939, he is languishing in a prison cell while awaiting execution. unexpectedly granted a pardon on the morning that he is to face a firing squad, tom's release has been managed by reporter augusta "gusto" nash (claudette colbert), who posed as his wife. when the prison governor learns of the deception, the pair has to run for their lives. ending up in paris, tom tries, without success, to woo gusto. when she is sent to berlin as a correspondent, tom pursues her with both of them again on the run as hitler invades poland. booking passage on the ill-fated ss athenia, the ship is torpedoed by a german submarine. after their rescue, tom joins the raf while gusto remains in france as a war correspondent. at the fall of paris, tom is reunited with gusto, and both decide to return home to convince americans that a real danger awaits.
corpus document1736
arizona
life in the arizona territory in early 1861 is hard, but phoebe titus (jean arthur), the only american woman in the pioneering community of tucson, is up to the challenge. she catches the eye of peter muncie (william holden), a handsome young man with a wagon train passing through on its way to california. he begins courting her but tells her he is not ready to settle down in one spot. as a possible solution, phoebe offers him a job heading a new freight company she has just formed with store owner solomon warner (paul harvey). he, however, is determined to see california, but promises to return when his wanderlust is satisfied. phoebe is more than a match for freight competitor lazarus ward (porter hall). however, a dandy named jefferson carteret (warren william) shows up just as the american civil war breaks out. he helps her persuade wavering residents to stay after the union garrison pulls out, leaving them without protection against the indians. carteret pretends to be phoebe's friend, but coerces ward into making him a secret partner. the treacherous pair try every underhanded way they can to destroy her business. they bribe indian chief mano with guns to attack her wagons. the confederates gain the (temporary) allegiance of the community by sending some troops, but they are soon recalled east. union troops of the california column, with peter among them as a sergeant, return in april 1862 just as tucson's situation becomes desperate. he helps phoebe secure a lucrative army freight contract, but carteret has ward slander her to the union commander, claiming that she supplied ammunition for the departed confederates. peter and phoebe get the truth out of ward at gunpoint and regain the contract. soon after, peter's enlistment expires. phoebe persuades peter to go to nebraska to buy cattle for the ranch she has always dreamed of owning. she has already purchased a great deal of land cheaply from those who lost heart because of the indian troubles and moved on. however, the $15,000 paid her by the army is stolen by carteret's men disguised as mexican bandits. carteret then offers to make her a loan, with her business and land as security. she accepts. six months later, carteret tells phoebe that her loan comes due the next day. however, peter is half a day away with their herd. carteret gets the indians to attack but peter and his men are able to fight them off. peter gets a confession from one of carteret's men, but carteret kills the henchman after he shoots ward in the back to rid himself of the last incriminating loose end. the entire town celebrates as phoebe and peter get married. then he has her wait for him in solomon's store while he goes to settle accounts with carteret. shots are heard, then a relieved phoebe takes her slightly wounded new husband home.
corpus document1737
the bank dick
hard-drinking family man egbert sousé (w. c. fields) has a strained relations with his wife (cora witherspoon) and mother-in-law (jessie ralph) over his drinking, smoking, and taking money out of the piggy bank of his younger daughter elsie mae (evelyn del rio) and replacing it with iou's. when he tries to hit his younger daughter with a concrete urn, he is interrupted by his older daughter myrtle (una merkel) introducing him to her fiancé, og oggilby (grady sutton). when a. pismo clam (jack norton), the director of a movie which is shooting in town, goes on a bender, producer mackley q. greene (dick purcell) offers the job to sousé. while on his lunch break, it appears that he has caught one of the two men who robbed the bank where his prospective son-in-law, og, has a job as a teller. the grateful bank president, mr. skinner (pierre watkin), gives sousé a job as the bank's "special officer", a bank detective ("dick"). after being conned by swindler j. frothingham waterbury (russell hicks), sousé convinces og to steal $500 from the bank to invest in the questionable beefsteak mining company. og hopes to return the money to the bank four days later, when he expects to receive his annual bonus, but bank examiner j. pinkerton snoopington (franklin pangborn) arrives to immediately audit the bank. sousé invites him to the black pussy cat café, a saloon run by joe guelpe (shemp howard), and drugs him with knockout drops – a "mickey finn" – and has him examined by quack dr. stall (harlan briggs). despite this, snoopington is determined to do his duty and proceed with the audit. og passes out when he sees the examiner in the bank, and sousé tries to delay the audit further by depriving snoopington of his glasses. as snoopington is about to discover the missing funds, the swindler shows up to buy back the stocks from og at a discount, but sousé learns that the mine has struck it rich, and he and og are now wealthy and no longer have to worry about the audit. just then, the escaped bank robber, repulsive brogan, returns to rob the bank a second time, and escapes with the bank's money and og's mining company stock, taking sousé hostage. the robber forces him to drive the getaway car, with the police, the bank director, og, and the movie producer giving chase, during which parts of the getaway car keep falling off. sousé once again receives the credit for catching the thief, and receives $5,000 for the capture of brogan, $10,000 from the movie producer for his screen story as well as a contract to direct a film based on it. now that he is rich, sousé lives in a mansion, his family is elegant and well-spoken and treats him with respect, but he still follows joe guelpe on his way to open the black pussy cat café.
corpus document1738
barnyard follies
pappy cheshire, his assistant louise dale, and farmhand bucksaw beechwood manage an orphanage near the village of farmdale. pappy has loaned $5000 of community provided orphanage funding to the orphans for their new 4-h club projects so the orphanage will become self-supporting. of the opinion this is a ridiculous idea, community leaders hiram crabtree, sam spitz, and mrs. uppington pressure pappy to return the money within 30 days. hearing on the radio that pappy's long lost brother, henry, died and left pappy $20,000, bubbles martin, one of the teenage orphan girls, tells pappy about his good fortune, part of which turns out to be a nightclub, the peep inn, that pappy and bubbles visit in the city. pappy plans to close the place, sell the building, and use the proceeds for the orphanage. he approaches the peep inn's group of musicians, girl dancers, and their director, jeff hill, to settle their contract at 50 cents on the dollar for their release. the entertainers refuse the offer and pappy insists they get on the train and come to farmdale to work for him for the remainder of their contract. when jeff hill and troupe arrive at the orphanage, jeff is immediately smitten with louise but she gives him the cold shoulder. receiving a check for only $900 from his brother's estate after taxes and expenses, pappy is unable to pay the community back. jeff wants to put on a show, "the barnyard follies", to earn enough money to solve the financial problem but dolly and the other girl dancers quit when they learn of the plan. bubbles gets the orphans to do the show with the help of jeff. the fire inspector prevents the show from taking place. under the pressure of hiram and sam, pappy cheshire leaves the orphanage. when the haystack goes up in flames the fire department comes. as the fire department begins to leave, one of the fire trucks gets stuck on the bridge in the driveway at the orphanage. with the entire fire department now at the orphanage waiting for the fire truck to be freed, the mayor of farmdale allows the show to proceed. pappy returns when he hears on the radio that the orphan's 4-h club animals are going to be auctioned off. mrs. uppington accuses hiram crabtree and sam spitz of political graft as their motive for driving pappy cheshire to leave. hiram and sam flee the scene. all ends well and jeff and louise are arm in arm by the end of the movie. lots of fun, good story, great music and dancing, enjoyable by people of all ages.
corpus document1739
before i hang
dr. john garth (boris karloff) is on trial for murder after performing a mercy killing on an elderly friend. in the trial, he reveals that he had been researching a cure for aging, but had not had time to perfect it before his friend's pain became unbearable. despite his pleas for mercy, the judge sentences him to be hanged in three weeks' time. as he awaits his execution, dr. garth is allowed to continue his experiments, thanks to support from the prison warden (ben taggart) and another scientist who is interested in his research, dr. ralph howard (edward van sloan). using the blood of a recently executed prisoner, they succeed in developing a serum that will reverse the effects of aging and they decide to test it on dr. garth immediately prior to his execution. as he is being taken away to the gallows, however, the prison receives a call informing them that dr. garth's sentence has been commuted to life imprisonment. at the same moment, the serum's effect on his body causes dr. garth to collapse. when dr. garth awakes in the prison medical ward, he discovers that the serum has reversed some of the effects of aging on his body, including the graying of his hair, the appearance of his face, and his physical fitness. encouraged, he decides to perform another test of the serum, this time on dr. howard. as he is preparing dr. howard for injection, however, dr. garth is overcome by a sudden urge to kill, induced by the presence of an executed murderer's blood in his system. after he strangles dr. howard, a wandering prisoner enters the room who, after a struggle, is also killed by dr. garth. when the prison authorities discover dr. garth, who doesn't remember committing the murders, and the two bodies, they believe that the wandering prisoner killed dr. howard and attempted to kill dr. garth. as a result, garth is labelled a hero and granted a full pardon. he returns home to live with his daughter, martha (evelyn keyes), and continues his research on the anti-aging serum. wishing to test it further, he confronts three of his aging friends and requests that they be his test subjects. initially, they refuse, but one of them, victor sondini (pedro de cordoba), later changes his mind after dr. garth pays him a personal visit. just as he is about to administer the serum, garth is again overcome by the impulses of the executed prisoner and strangles his friend. finally beginning to realize what he has been doing, garth visits one of his other friends, george wharton (wright kramer), to confess his crimes and request that he be his final test subject before he turns himself in. wharton attempts to call for help, but garth kills him before he can do so. as the bodies begin to pile up and dr. garth's behavior becomes more erratic, martha begins to suspect that something is up and confronts her father. garth begs her to leave as he continues to fight the impulses of the murderous blood, but she refuses and he comes at her. she faints and dr. garth flees. in the final scene, dr. garth, now being pursued by the police, approaches the prison where he had been incarcerated. the warden admits him, but garth immediately makes aggressive movements toward the armed guard at the gate. the guard shoots him and, as he is dying, the doctor admits that he committed suicide in order to prevent himself from killing anyone else.
corpus document1740
behind the news
recently graduated journalist jeff flavin gets a scholarship of six months work for the enquirer upon his arrival to the paper, jeff gets the most renowned reporter, stuart woodrow, as a mentor. the editor, vic archer, hopes this will jumpstart the old man's spark and steer him back on the road to success where he used to be. however, the result of the pairing-up is that jeff gets a very harsh treatment during his first time at the paper. stu is reporting on notorious racketeer harry "face" houseman, who many claim have been indicted just because the district attorney, hardin s. kelly, wants to be re-elected. everything goes wrong with the cooperation between the old and young reporters. jeff manages to make stu late for a date with his fiancé barbara shaw, who is in fact kelly's secretary. stu gets drunk and scolds jeff, but when stu is too hungover cover the story about face escaping prison, jeff steps in and does the job. jeff starts his own investigation of the case, and becomes witness to murder when face is shot down in cold blood in his sister's apartment. he reports everything in stu's name, and the old reporter becomes very grateful. stu starts caring about jeff's future career, and is determined to get him out of newspaper reporting, since he deems it unsuitable for a decent man like jeff. stu tricks jeff to cover a fake story, and the editor is furious when he sees the result, and makes him read funny strips on radio instead of serious reporting. but when jeff visits the court to meet one of his young listeners, he happens to watch the trial against face's murderer, carlos marquez. since jeff speaks spanish he discovers that the interpreter translates the accused man's words wrong, saying that carlos confesses to the murder although he doesn't. when carlos is convicted of the murder, jeff tries to correct the wrongdoing by telling his editor about it. no one takes him seriously because of the fake story he reported previously, but eventually stu agrees to help him look into the matter. stu, barbara and jeff sneaks into the district attorney's office to look for clues. they find evidence that kelly is corrupt and has been taking bribes for years. together they go on to find a witness who can reveal kelly's involvement in face's murder and the false conviction of carlos. when kelly is arrested, carlos is released. jeff continues working as a reporter and also serves as the best man on stu and barbara's wedding.[3]
corpus document1741
beyond tomorrow
engineers george melton (harry carey) and allan chadwick (c. aubrey smith) work furiously to complete a design on time, even though it is christmas eve. michael o'brien (charles winninger), the third partner in the firm, arrives with presents for all and kindly lets their employees leave.[3] the three old men then go home to the mansion they share with madame tanya (maria ouspenskaya), an elderly countess dispossessed by the russian revolution, for a dinner with prestigious guests. when the guests cancel at the last minute, george is convinced it is because of his dark past. to relieve george's black mood, michael comes up with an idea to obtain new guests for dinner. each man throws out a wallet containing $10 and his business card into the street. george's is found by arlene terry (helen vinson), who merely gives the money to her driver and discards the wallet. however, the other two are returned by more considerate people: texas cowboy james houston (richard carlson) and teacher jean lawrence (jean parker). they stay for dinner and soon become good friends with the three men and madame tanya. james and jean also fall in love with each other, delighting the three men. when the engineers have to travel to another city on business, madame tanya begs michael to take the train rather than fly. he assures her it is perfectly safe, but madame tanya's premonition proves tragically correct when their aircraft crashes in a storm, killing all three. when james and jean come to announce that they are engaged, they receive the bad news. the ghosts of the three men return home, where they are dimly sensed by madame tanya. it turns out that michael had bequeathed some bonds to the young couple so they could afford to marry. the story is picked up by the press, and as a result, james is invited to be a guest on a radio show. this is the opportunity he has been waiting for to showcase his wonderful singing voice. at the studio, james bumps into arlene terry, an established singing star. she wishes him well and is impressed by his performance. she had been wanting to replace her aging partner; she and her manager, phil hubert (rod larocque), offer james a starring role in her new show. he accepts. as james spends time with arlene rehearsing, he becomes infatuated with her and neglects jean, much to the distress of the ghosts, who are powerless to do anything. when arlene's ex-husband bangs on her door, she has james leave by the back door, but not before persuading him to take a three-day break from work with her in the country. george is summoned to leave the world. michael begs him to repent before it is too late, but george refuses to be a hypocrite and walks away amid thunder and lightning into the darkness. soon it is allan's turn. his son david (william bakewell) comes to take him to heaven to be reunited with his wife. when michael is called, he refuses to leave james, although a voice tells him each person is summoned only once and that he will be doomed to roam the earth forever if he turns it down. when arlene leaves her apartment to meet james, her ex-husband is waiting. he needs her help to get back on his feet. however, she coldly brushes him off. when arlene and james drive away, the jealous, estranged husband follows and shoots them when they stop for dinner. james dies on the operating table with his spirit greeted by michael who then intercedes on his behalf, pleading with a "voice from above", for a second chance for the young man.[n 1] his wish is granted and james returns to life. michael is reunited with a now-repentant george, and both are admitted into heaven.
corpus document1742
a bill of divorcement
hilary fairchild returns home after a long spell in a lunatic asylum.
corpus document1743
billy the kid's gun justice
billy the kid (bob steele) and his friends jeff (carleton young) and fuzzy (al st. john) are ambushed in a cabin. when jeff is wounded during their getaway, they decide to hide out at jeff's uncle's ranch in little bend valley. while traveling to the ranch, they see henchmen ed (charles king) and buck (rex lease) accosting ann roberts (louise currie) and throwing her goods from her wagon. after billy chases them off, ann tells him that she and her father tom (forrest taylor) had recently purchased a ranch and that someone is trying to run them off their land. traveling with ann to protect her, they learn that the ranch she and her father had purchased was the one owned by jeff's uncle, but that they failed to purchase the water rights. discovering that other ranchers in the area had also purchased lands without water rights, billy also learns that land baron cobb allen (al ferguson) had maliciously dammed the only free water stream in the area in order to force the group of ranchers to purchase water rights, or default on their loans. billy and jeff fight allen's henchmen at the barricade, and after subduing them they return the water flow to its original channel.
corpus document1744
bitter sweet
set in late 19th century vienna, the story focuses on the romance between music teacher carl linden (nelson eddy) and his prize pupil sarah milick (jeanette macdonald).[5]
corpus document1745
black friday
the famous dr. ernest sovac's best friend, bookish college professor george kingsley, is run down while crossing a street. in order to save his friend's life, sovac implants part of another man's brain into the professor's. unfortunately, the other man was a gangster who was involved in the accident. the professor recovers but at times behaves like the gangster, and his whole personality changes. sovac is horrified but also intrigued, because the gangster has hidden $500,000 somewhere in the city. the doctor continues to treat his friend and, when the professor is under the influence of the gangster's brain, sovac attempts to have the man lead him to the fortune. béla lugosi plays a gangster also trying to get his hands on the cash.
corpus document1746
blondie has servant trouble
blondie proves to be a real nuisance to her husband dagwood and causes domestic disturbance in the bumstead home, when she insists on getting a maid. dagwood is forced to take the request seriously, and asks his boss, j.c. dithers, for a raise. as a rule, dithers refuses the raise, but instead he offers dagwood and his family a two-week stay at a country house, complete with servants. the house is the size of a palace, formerly owned by batterson, a newly deceased magician. with the consent of his wife, dagwood accepts the offer, and they prepare for take off to the country. they arrive at the empty house during a terrible thunderstorm, and find out from a local that the place definitely is haunted in some way. when they enter the house they realize that the house truly must be haunted, since it shows definite signs of a poltergeist living there with chairs starting to move around. a man named horatio jones is in fact responsible for the haunting by moving the chairs, covered by a white blanket. he has been ordered to do this as an initiation to a lodge he is trying to get membership in. the haunting continues later in the night when two more persons, anna and eric vaughn, arrive and pretends to be servants, and start a series of frightening events, like sliding panels and moving shadows. later anna and horation disappear from the house, and dagwood finds a newspaper clipping with a picture of eric. he reads that his servant is responsible for plunging a knife into the back of an attorney, claiming that he stole eric’s inventions and gave them to batterson, the former owner of the house. the clip also says that eric claims to be the rightful heir to the estate and the house. when blondie hears about this she regrets that she asked for servants in the first place. dagwood sets out to catch eric, and succeeds just in time to prevent the man from stabbing his own wife blondie in the back. when the press hears about the events that lead to eric’s capture, they name dagwood a hero, and he finally gets his raise from his boss.[1]
corpus document1747
blondie plays cupid
dagwood bumstead has been caught possessing illegal fireworks and now he tries to make up for this by taking his wife blondie to aunt hannah's ranch for 4 july celebrations. the ranch is a peaceful place in the country, but trouble starts already on the way over there, when the bumsteads board the wrong train and have to hitchhike most of the way. the young couple that picks them up, millie and charlie, are on their way to get married and elope together, without their parents' consents. the bumsteads have to accompany the young couple to court and the wedding ceremony, but the wedding is interrupted by millie's father, mr tucker, storming in with a shotgun. mr tucker then takes the car, with dagwood, his son and their dog still in it, and drives off. charlie is forced to take blondie to aunt hannah's ranch, and in she encourages him to have another go at marrying millie and elop. unfortunately he twists his ankle on the way, and a very reluctant dagwood has to take his place and go and fetch millie from her (and her father's) home. dagwood accidentally climbs through the window to millie's father's bedroom, and is held at gunpoint. he flees head over heels and is chased around the property. his son discovers what he thinks is some kind of fireworks and lights it, but it is in fact a dynamite stick. when the dynamite explodes it rips up a hole in the ground, and in doing so, opens up an oil well. millie's father is so happy over the new source of income that he consents to charlie marrying his daughter after all, and the bumsteads finish their weekend holiday at the hospital, in peace and quiet.[1]
corpus document1748
the blue bird
the setting is germany during the napoleonic wars. mytyl (shirley temple), the bratty and ungrateful daughter of a woodcutter (russell hicks), finds a unique bird in the royal forest and selfishly refuses to give it to her sick friend. mother (spring byington) and father are mortified at mytyl's behavior. that evening, father is called on to report for military duty the next morning. that same night, mytyl is visited in a dream by a fairy named berylune (jessie ralph) who sends her and her brother tyltyl (johnny russell) to search for the blue bird of happiness. to accompany them, the fairy magically transforms their dog tylo (eddie collins), cat tylette (gale sondergaard), and lantern ("light") into human form. the children have a number of adventures: they visit the past (meeting their dead grandparents who come to life because they are being remembered), have a scary adventure in the forest, experience the life of luxury, and see the future, a land of yet-to-be born children. the dream journey makes mytyl awake as a kinder and gentler girl who has learned to appreciate all the comforts and joys of her home and family. in the morning, father receives word that a truce has been called and he does not have to go to war. the film, although following the basic plot of the stage version, highly embellishes it, and does not literally use the original dialogue. the opening black-and-white scenes and the war subplot were invented for the film. mytyl's selfishness, the basic trait of her personality, was a plot thread specifically written into the motion picture. it is not in the original play. the play begins with the children already asleep and the dream about to begin; there is no depiction of the family's daily life, as there is in the 1940 film.
corpus document1749
boom town
"big john" mcmasters (clark gable) and "square john" sand (spencer tracy) are two down-on-their-luck oil wildcatters who join forces. without enough money, they steal drilling equipment from a skeptical luther aldrich (frank morgan). their well proves a bust and they have to hastily depart when aldrich shows up with the sheriff to take back his property. the two oilmen team up and make enough money to partially pay aldrich. to get him to back them for a second try, they cut him in for a percentage of the well. this time, they strike it rich. when elizabeth 'betsy' bartlett (claudette colbert) shows up, mcmasters sweeps her off her feet (without knowing that sand considers her his girl) and marries her. sand accepts the situation, wanting betsy to be happy. however, on their first anniversary, she catches her husband dancing with a barroom floozy. as a result, sand quarrels with mcmasters and they flip a coin for the entire oilfield. betsy leaves too, but returns when she learns that her husband has lost almost everything to sand and needs her. each man goes through booms and busts. building on his renewed success as a wildcatter, mcmasters moves to new york to expand into refineries and distribution, competing against former customer harry compton (lionel atwill). seeking inside information about his rivals, he hires away compton's adviser karen vanmeer (hedy lamarr), who uses her social contacts and womanly charms to gather industry information. meanwhile, sand loses everything he has built up in south america to a revolution. when he meets mcmasters at an oilmen's convention, the two finally reconcile, and sand goes to work for his old friend. when he suspects that mcmasters is carrying on an affair with karen, he tries to save betsy's marriage by offering to marry karen. however, she deduces his motives and declines. when a miserable betsy tries to commit suicide by taking sleeping pills, sand decides that the only way to help her is to bankrupt mcmasters. sand loses his costly battle with his former friend and goes broke. it is only when he asks mcmasters to give his wife a divorce that the married man finally comes to his senses. later, mcmasters is prosecuted by the government for violating the sherman antitrust act and loses his business. in the end, poor, but happier, sand and mcmasters team up again, with the blissful betsy looking on. aldrich supplies them with equipment and the whole cycle begins again.
corpus document1750
boss of bullion city
tom bryant exposes a corrupt sheriff.
corpus document1751
boys of the city
to escape the heat of the city and a court sentence for malicious mischief, the east side kids agree to visit a summer camp in the adirondacks. en route, their car breaks down and they are reluctantly given accommodations in the home of judge malcolm parker (forrest taylor). the judge, under indictment for bribery, has much to fear. his life, as well as that of his niece louise (inna gest) has been threatened by a gang of racketeers; his companion, giles (dennis moore), has accused him of embezzling louise's fortune; and his sinister housekeeper, agnes, blames him for the death of her mistress, leonora. the judge's fears are compounded when he meets knuckles dolan (dave o'brien), the boys' guardian, whom he had unjustly sentenced to death, only to have his verdict reversed and knuckles exonerated. later that night, when louise is kidnapped and the judge found strangled, giles and simp (vince barnett), the judge's bodyguard, accuse knuckles of the murder, but the boys capture simp and giles and determine to find the murderer themselves. muggs (leo gorcey) and danny (bobby jordan) discover a secret panel in the library wall and enter a passage where they find louise's unconscious body and glimpse the figure of a fleeing man. knuckles captures the man, who identifies himself as jim harrison (alden 'stephen' chase) of the district attorney's office. amid the confusion, the real killer takes louise captive, but the boys track him down and unmask simp. harrison then identifies the bodyguard as the triggerman seeking revenge on the judge. with the crime solved, the boys can finally leave for their summer camp.
corpus document1752
brigham young
the story begins in frontier-town nauvoo, illinois in 1844. it follows the main body of the church as they are forced to leave illinois, choosing to settle temporarily in nebraska and then to travel by wagon train to the great basin. much of the story's plot revolves around two of the group, jonathan kent and zina webb.[2]
corpus document1753
british intelligence
during world war i, franz strendler, a master german spy has cost the british dearly. in desperation, they send for their best agent, currently undercover in germany. pilot frank bennett (bruce lester) is sent to pick him up, but the germans are forewarned and bennett is shot down. luckily, he survives and is rescued by friendly soldiers. while recovering in a hospital, bennett is tended by a pretty nurse, helene von lorbeer (margaret lindsay). he tells her he loves her, but she informs him she is leaving, and they will not see each other again. however, after bennett falls asleep, she kisses him on the cheek. von lorbeer turns out to be a spy herself. she is recalled to germany to receive a high honor sent personally by the kaiser and to undertake a new mission. posing as a refugee named frances hautry, she infiltrates the london household of arthur bennett (holmes herbert), a cabinet minister, and, coincidentally, frank's father. she takes her orders from valdar (boris karloff), the butler. however, unbeknownst to her, he is a british double agent. valdar later secretly reports to colonel yeats (leonard mudie), the head of british intelligence. when bennett's secretary, also a german spy, taps out a secret message in code on her typewriter, yeats is present and recognizes it. since only hautry is also in the office at the time, he sets a trap for her. a captured spy named kurz seemingly escapes from the british and flees to hautry's bedroom. she hides him in her closet, but then betrays him when yeats and his men show up. afterwards, she tells valdar that she knew "kurz" was an imposter. frank bennett unexpectedly shows up, his squadron and others having been recalled to london for some reason. he is surprised to find his former nurse there and under a different name. hautry is forced to reveal that she is loyal to the british. however, valdar overhears their conversation. that night, the british cabinet meets in bennett's home. it is the moment valdar has been waiting for. he forces hautry at gunpoint down in the cellar, where he has set a bomb to blow the house up under cover of a zeppelin bombing raid. hautry tells valdar that she had no choice but to make up a story to allay frank's suspicions. convinced when she shows him the award she was given, valdar finally reveals that he is strendler. fortunately, valdar has been under surveillance. yeats and his men rush to the cellar door. when valdar escapes through the coal shute, hautry unlocks the door and informs yeats about the bomb. valdar rushes to his hideout to transmit the stolen british plans for the spring offensive, pursued by the british, but, ironically, a zeppelin bombs the location and kills him and his confederates before he can send his information.
corpus document1754
broadway melody of 1940
johnny brett (fred astaire) and king shaw (george murphy) are a dance team so down on their luck they're working in a dance hall for no money. meanwhile, clare bennett (eleanor powell) is a big broadway star. owing to a case of mistaken identity, shaw is offered the chance to be clare's dancing partner in a new broadway show, while it was really johnny's dancing that producer bob casey (frank morgan) saw and wanted. the partnership breaks up, but johnny sticks around to help out shaw, who lets his newfound success go to his head. clare eventually realizes that johnny, and not shaw, is the better dancer, and she falls in love after having lunch with him. when shaw gets drunk on opening night, johnny steps in and saves the show with a brilliant performance, though he lets king think he did it himself. clare later tells shaw the truth. just before the next show, clare discovers shaw drunk and johnny becomes the permanent replacement. after the show, they find out that king was pretending to be drunk so that johnny would get the job.[1][2]
corpus document1755
broken strings
concert violinist arthur williams (clarence muse) and his manager earl wells (earle morris) are involved in a car accident in which arthur's fingers are paralyzed. instead of playing at concerts he becomes a music teacher. he favors his student dickie morley's (matthew "stymie" beard) classical musical preferences over his own son john's (william washington), which tends towards modern swing. arthur's daughter grace (sybil lewis) is romantically interested in a man named gus (pete webster), and they both work for the same company that makes hair products, which is owned by a james stilton. stilton's son, sam (edward thompson), has a thing for grace and is jealous of the attention she gives gus. as a result, sam refuses to give grace an advance when she needs to pay for her father's appointment at a doctor that specializes in neurology, dr. charles matson (jess lee brooks). the doctor promises grace that she can pay the fee of $1,000 later, when her brother john has raised the money. sam goes on to frame gus for something he didn't do, and when gus finds out, both he and grace quit their jobs at the stilton company. fortunately, johnny is a big success at the miller café when he is playing swing. arthur is mad and chastizes his son for playing such, in his view, awful music, and punishes him by making him play the violin until he faints. soon after, grace tells her father that johnny only played at the club so that they could pay for the neurologist and support themselves since she is currently between jobs. arthur feels guilt over how he treated his son. johnny and grace go on to enter a music contest broadcast on the radio. at first it looks like their performance will be stopped when two strings on his violin, but then he gets the idea to play swing, since there are enough strings for that. the rest of the radio musicians all start playing the same way, and the performance is a success. when his son wins the contest, arthur realizes his talent, and starts to regain sensitivity enough in his fingers to applause his son. later it turns out that dickie had sabotaged the violin before the contest, for which he apologizes. arthur continues his career as a violinist.[1]
corpus document1756
brother orchid
crime boss little john sarto (edward g. robinson) retires suddenly, giving leadership of his gang to jack buck (humphrey bogart), while he leaves for a tour of europe to acquire "class". however, sarto is repeatedly swindled and finally loses all his money. he decides to return home and take back his gang, as if nothing has changed after five years, but buck has him thrown out of his office. the only ones who remain loyal to sarto are his girlfriend flo addams (ann sothern) and willie "the knife" corson (allen jenkins). sarto raises a new gang and starts encroaching on buck's territory. when flo tries to get buck to reconcile with sarto, buck sees his chance. he agrees, getting flo to lure sarto to a tavern without telling him why. flo is not totally fooled; she brings along a strong, good-natured admirer, mid-western rancher clarence p. fletcher (ralph bellamy), just in case, but he is knocked out by buck's men. sarto is taken for a ride, believing flo has double crossed him. sarto escapes, but is shot several times. he manages to make his way to the floracian monastery, run by brother superior (donald crisp). finding it a good place to hide out, sarto signs up as a novice, naming himself "brother orchid". at first, he treats it as a joke, calling the monks the "biggest chumps in the world", but the kindness and simple life of the brothers begins to change his opinion. then sarto sees a newspaper announcement that flo is going to marry clarence. he rides into the city with brother superior when he goes to sell the flowers that provide the monastery's meager income. after flo gets over the shock of seeing sarto alive, she proves she did not betray him and agrees to break up with clarence. sarto breaks the news to brother superior that he is leaving, but then learns that the flowers have not been sold. the "protective association" run by buck bans flower growers that do not pay for its services. buck is hiding out from the police, but sarto has a good idea where he is. reinforced by clarence and some of his friends from montana, sarto pays a visit to the association and a brawl breaks out. when the police arrive, sarto presents them with buck and his men. then, he gives up flo to clarence and returns to the monastery, where he has finally found "real class".
corpus document1757
brother rat and a baby
cadets dan crawford (ronald reagan), billy randolph (wayne morris) and bing edwards (eddie albert) have graduated from the virginia military institute. in commemoration of this accomplishment, bing and his loving wife, kate (jane bryan), name their first-born child commencement. but, despite the enthusiasm of the graduates, they soon discover that life after school is trickier than they expected -- especially with a trouble-making baby that goes missing.
corpus document1758
cafe hostess
jo is a hostess, also known as a "b" girl (a euphemism for a prostitute), in a "cliphouse", a seedy waterfront nightclub where the patrons are set up for a pickpocket operation. the club is owned by eddie morgan, who keeps an eye on things by posing as the piano player. a former hostess, annie, returns to the club in order to tell morgan off and let him know that he ruined her life. not getting satisfaction, she attempts to get jo to turn witness against morgan in order to get him arrested, but jo is too afraid. while there, annie witnesses jo being treated roughly by a local hood, red connolly (william pawley), who she accosts, which turns into a brawl. dan walters, a sailor, and two friends show up at the club, and jo begins to flirt with him. finding that she likes him, she does not want to follow her usual routine of getting him drunk and taking his wallet, but morgan insists. however, she is clumsy in her attempt, and is thwarted by walters, who leaves, disillusioned with jo, who he was beginning to like. jo realizes that she would like to get out of her occupation, but annie's failure to start a new life after leaving makes her unsure. morgan is furious that she failed to lift the wallet, and slaps her around, leaving her bruised. when walters returns to the club later, he notices the bruises and in an effort to get jo out of the situation, offers to marry her and move away with her. to assist in his plan to rescue jo, walters begins to snoop around in order to get dirt on morgan. he uncovers quite a bit of illegal activity, and approaches steve mason, an undercover detective, with the information. morgan learns from nellie, the owner of another local establishment, of walters' plan to take jo away, and also discovers that walters has spoken to mason. he attempts to do away with walters; the result is an all-out brawl, during which morgan himself is knifed to death. annie confesses to stabbing morgan and gives herself up to mason, who takes her away.
corpus document1759
carolina moon
while riding the rodeo circuit, singing cowboy gene autry (gene autry) and his sidekick frog millhouse (smiley burnette) meet southerners caroline stanhope (june storey) and her grandfather (eddy waller). the stanhopes are hoping to win prize money in order to pay back taxes on their plantation. their hopes are shattered when caroline's horse valdena is injured in an accident and unable to compete in the rodeo. with no hope of winning the prize money, stanhope gets involved in a card game and loses $1,000 to some gamblers. with no money, he offers to give them valdena, his only asset, but the gamblers refuse. after the rodeo, gene gives the old man his winnings for valdena so he can settle his debt with the gamblers. caroline is suspicious of gene's generosity and thinks he is trying to cheat her grandfather. later, after her grandfather gets drunk, caroline packs him and the horse into their car and drives back home. when gene discovers that they've gone, he follows them, intending to protect his investment. when he arrives at the stanhope plantation, he learns that the stanhopes and their neighbors are in danger of losing their land for delinquent back taxes. the plantation owners are unaware that a new timber process has been developed that will turn their property into valuable timber land. lumber company representative barrett (robert fiske) is scheming to cheat the plantation owners out of their land. he's elicited the help of henry wheeler (hardie albright), the only prosperous plantation owner in the county. in an effort to help the plantation owners pay their back taxes, gene enters valdena in a steeplejack race. after wheeler deliberately fouls the horse during the race, gene becomes suspicious of his motives, eventually learning the truth. gene convinces the plantation owners to harvst and sell the lumber themselves, but wheeler and barrett thwart their efforts by holding up the lumberjacks so they cannot meet the terms of their contracts. undaunted, gene sends for his cowboy friends, who arrive and do the lumberjacking themselves, saving the plantations.[2]
corpus document1760
the carson city kid
roy rogers (roy rogers, and not playing "himself" but playing a character named roy rogers), posing as the carson city kid, is seeking vengeance on morgan reynolds, the man who killed his brother. to find reynolds in the gold towns, he systematically stops stagecoaches and goes through the mail, hoping to find letters addressed to reynolds and thus learn his whereabouts. thus "the kid" earns the reputation of a stagecoach robber, although he never takes anything, and the reputation is enhanced by the fact that he travels with laramie (francis mcdonald), a notorious half-breed outlaw. a posse is about to capture them and roy rides back to get laramie whose horse has been shot, and laramie repays the favor by slugging roy and escaping on his horse trigger. the posse rides by the unseen roy and captures laramie and, since he is riding the "kid's" horse, take him to jail as being the "kid." laramie denies this and is told he will be free when he identifies the "kid"; otherwise he will hang. roy rides into town, having deduced that the morgan reynolds he is looking for operates the yellowback saloon under the alias of "lee jessup" (bob steele) . as part of his plan to get evidence against jessup, who also does not know his true identity, roy takes a job as saloon shotgun guard, and meets saloon singer joby madison (pauline moore, in one of the truly great performances found in the b-western genre) and falls in love with her. this doesn't set well with jessup, as he has plans of his own regarding joby. young gold miner scott warren (noah beery, jr.), having hit his strike and heading for home with his fortune, comes into the yellowback, talks too much about his stake, and is soon relieved of it in a crooked poker game by jessup and friends. scott, realizing he had been cheated, breaks into jessup's office and, announcing he is the carson city kid, holds up jessup henchman harmon (hal taliaferro) and takes his gold and some letters and papers from the safe. captured, he is taken before laramie, who quickly identifies him as the "kid" although he has never seen him before, in order to win the immunity promised him. roy, masked as the carson city kid and speaking spanish as the kid did on the stage holdups, intervenes and at gunpoint, asks jessup to identify what scott has stolen from him. besides the gold, jessup unwittingly identifies as his own the latters and documents, which establish him as morgan reynolds. reynolds meets justice and roy is exonerated. ne fine little b-western with an excellent performance by george "gabby" hayes (as sheriff gabby whittaker), before he had the character down as a sleep-walking exercise and was still revolving, and by, as mentioned, pauline moore, as a no-excuses heroine for being where she was doing what she did as a saloon entertainer.
corpus document1761
chad hanna
in the 1840s, chad hanna (fonda), a new york country boy working along the canal in canastota, new york, joins a travelling huguenine circus. he falls in love with beautiful bareback rider albany yates (lamour), but she spurns him. chad then finds himself attracted to another runaway, country girl caroline tridd (darnell). though everybody assumes that the boy is slow on the uptake, chad manages to save the circus from financial ruin.[3]
corpus document1762
charlie chan at the wax museum
chan's testimony results in a death sentence for convicted murderer steve mcbirney (marc lawrence). however, he escapes and heads to a wax museum, a secret mob hideout run by dr. cream (c. henry gordon). cream, a crooked "facial surgeon", operates on mcbirney, changing his appearance. chan is lured to the wax museum on the pretext of sparring over an old case with dr. otto von brom (michael visaroff) on a radio broadcast arranged by cream. based on von brom's testimony, joe rocke had been to be executed, but chan is convinced that rocke was innocent. in fact, it is all a setup so that mcbirney can have his revenge, but chan already suspects it. his son jimmy (victor sen yung) sneaks into the museum to investigate (without chan's knowledge). when everyone gathers at the museum, carter lane barges in, representing mrs. joe rocke. his client also sneaks in. when the principals gather around a table to reenact a scene from the rocke case for the broadcast, cream makes sure chan is in the seat wired for an electrocution. however, von brom insists on changing seats. museum night watchman willie fern is tricked into throwing the switch. the lights go out, and von brom dies ... but not from electricity. (lily latimer, cream's assistant, had cut the wire in an attempt to keep the museum's other function a secret.) chan finds a small puncture wound in the dead man's neck and a bamboo blowgun dart. chan becomes certain that "butcher" dagan framed rocke, his business partner, and that he killed von brom as well. dagan was supposedly murdered by mcbirney, another business partner and a friend of rocke's. with cream having operated on dagan, no one knows who among those gathered at the museum is him (jimmy even suspects mrs. rocke). dagan kills mcbirney and makes an attempt on chan's life, before the detective finally unmasks and captures him.
corpus document1763
charlie chan in panama
charlie chan must stop a spy from destroying the panama canal, trapping a navy fleet on its way to the pacific after maneuvers in the atlantic. as the u.s. fleet prepares to navigate the waters of the panama canal, panama city becomes rife with spies. a new group of suspects appears with the arrival of a sea plane bound for balboa. among the suspects are novelist clivedon compton, matronly school teacher miss jennie finch, sinister scientist dr. rudolph grosser, café proprietor manolo, singer kathi lenesch (real name kathi von tzardas), cigarette salesman achmed halide, government engineer richard cabot and government agent godley. upon landing, godley goes to a hat shop owned by fu yuen, alias charlie chan, to enlist the sleuth's help in unmasking the deadly spy known only as reiner. just as godley is about to divulge reiner's real identity, he falls to the ground, dead, leaving chan to expose reiner before the spy can sabotage the canal. as the other suspects are murdered, one by one, first compton, then manolo, chan learns that the canal's miraflores locks are to be blown up at ten that night. chan then sequesters the suspects at the plant, forcing miss finch to expose herself as reiner in order to escape death. with reiner under arrest, the fleet sails safely through the locks to protect democracy.
corpus document1764
charlie chan's murder cruise
the famed detective seeks to unmask a killer on a voyage across the pacific ocean. as has been mentioned elsewhere, this story is primarily a remake of the (now) lost movie, "charlie chan carries on," (1931) starring warner oland. the story has been updated to include more charlie, but it would be nice to have the missing movie to compare against.
corpus document1765
charter pilot
king morgan (lloyd nolan), chief pilot for w. j. brady charter pilots, inc., and his mechanic, charlie crane (george montgomery) proves he can handle any type of weather in hauling cargo. king is also a famous pilot because his girl friend, marge duncan (lynn bari) has made him the daring hero of the radio show, named after him. after a long flight from galveston to los angeles delivering soft-shell crabs, king sees marge to propose marriage. flustered by her taking time to get ready, he drinks too much and passes out. when he revives, he heads for the mirrado nightclub where he causes an uproar and is arrested. marge bails him out next day but when king finally proposes, marge makes him promise to give up flying. king surprises his boss (andrew tombes) by asking for a desk job, working for accountant horace sturgeon (hobart cavanaugh). charlie ends up as king's replacement, taking over a charter contract flying ore from a honduras gold mine. a competitor named faber (henry victor) wants to get the lucrative gold mine charter contract and conspires to make charlie look bad. the company looks likely to lose the contract from the gold mine and when sturgeon is about to fire charlie, king announces that he will go to rico, honduras and take over the charter flights. he convinces his fiancé that their honeymoon will be down south, but as soon as he can, flies to rico alone. king discovers that their charter business is being sabotaged but has a plan to fly a more direct route over the high mountains using oxygen tanks. marge decides to take the radio show to where king is working, even though he no longer wants to be in the broadcast, and is angry with her for following him. after seeing king make a successful test flight in his modified cargo aircraft, faber finds out that using oxygen will give the brady company an advantage. when king is in jail, after becoming drunk in a local cantina, charlie is given the job of flying the ore, but faber has damaged the oxygen supply so charlie will pass out at altitude. marge wants to have the first flight over the mountains on her radio show and hires faber to fly her, but king joins them, having discovered the sabotage. when faber pulls a gun on king, marge reacts by knocking him out with her microphone. with king now at the controls, he contacts charlie and has him turn around. faber revives and attacks king but marge stabs faber with a pin, giving king a chance to knock him out for good. signing off from the radio show, king and marge get back together.
corpus document1766
chasing trouble
frankie “mr. cupid” o’brien (frankie darro) and thomas h. jefferson (mantan moreland) are making deliveries for the local florist and manage to get a job for their unemployed friend, susie carey (marjorie reynolds). they are unaware that the proprietor, mr. morgan (alex callam), is part of a spy and saboteur ring which is using the florist shop as a front for delivering coded messages and bombs. using lesson two of his correspondence course on graphology, frankie learns the truth but it might be too late for intrepid investigative reporter callahan (milburn stone) and the police to help them before the bomb they’re supposed to deliver goes off at an airplane factory.
corpus document1767
christmas in july
dr. maxford (raymond walburn) is thoroughly exasperated. he is supposed to announce on national radio the winners of a slogan contest for his maxford house coffee; the first prize is $25,000. maxford's jury is deadlocked by the stubborn mr. bildocker (william demarest). as a result, the program ends without an announcement. one of millions of contestants, office worker jimmy macdonald (dick powell) dreams of winning, hoping to validate his faith in himself, provide some luxuries for his mother (georgia caine), and marry his girlfriend betty casey (ellen drew). betty, among others, does not understand his slogan: "if you can't sleep at night, it's not the coffee, it's the bunk." as a joke, three of his co-workers place a fake telegram on jimmy's desk informing him that he has won. jimmy's boss, j. b. baxter (ernest truex), is so impressed, he promotes jimmy on the spot to advertising executive, with his own office, a private secretary (betty), and a raise. tom darcy, one of the pranksters, tries to clear things up before they go too far, but loses his nerve. when jimmy arrives to collect the check, dr. maxford assumes his committee finally reached a decision without informing him, and writes a check to jimmy. jimmy and betty go on a shopping spree at shindel's department store. after telephoning maxford to confirm the check is good, mr. shindel gives jimmy credit to buy an engagement ring for betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for all of their neighbors. when the truth comes out, shindel descends on jimmy's street to try to repossess his merchandise. maxford follows them and confirms jimmy did not win. in the commotion, shindel learns that maxford's signature is genuine; instead of reclaiming the merchandise, he tries to force maxford to pay for it. tom and the other two pranksters admit they are to blame. that night, jimmy and betty confess to baxter. betty's heartfelt plea persuades baxter to let jimmy try to prove himself and keep his promotion, although on a very short probationary period and with no raise. meanwhile, bildocker bursts into maxford's office to announce that the other jury members have finally given in and accepted his choice for the grand prize winner: jimmy.
corpus document1768
a chump at oxford
stan and ollie are down to their last six bucks and call a lift to a job agency to find work. a city water dept. truck driver offers them a lift and drenches them with water as a joke and leaves them behind. they finally arrive in a badly damaged car that has been towed away. at the job agency a call comes from mrs. vandeveer looking for a maid and butler to help at a dinner party she is holding that night. ollie tells the receptionist they can fill the post and to leave it to them. they arrive and stan is dressed in drag, pretending to be the maid "agnes". at the dinner party, stan eats the nibbles he is supposed to be giving to the guests and tips the rest into mrs. vandeveer's lap. ollie calls the guests to the meal with a hand held xylophone. he says "there is everything from soup to nuts folks; come and get it". stan is told to take the cocktails; and instead of clearing them away, he drinks them and becomes drunk. ollie gets the guests to sit down with the men on one side and the women on the other side of the table. mr. vandeveer tells ollie to change the seating arrangement and ollie begins to move the guests around for a while until mr. vandeveer gets impatient and tells them to sit anywhere they like at the table. mr. vandeveer then tells the drunken stan to "serve up the salad without dressing" so stan takes off his clothes and serves the salad in his underwear. seeing this, mr. vandeveer angrily storms into another room to take a shotgun. mrs. vandeveer arrives, having changed her dress, and faints at the sight of stan. mr. vandeveer returns, gun in hand, and chases stan and ollie out of the house. a single gunshot is heard and mr. vandeveer returns, followed by a policeman, who tells him, "why don't you be more careful; you almost blew my brains out?!" when the cop turns to leave, the seat of his pants have a large jagged hole ripped in them, revealing smouldering undershorts. stan and ollie then become road sweepers and wonder why they are always in the gutter. they decide to get an education because in stan's words "we're not illiterate enough". they are sitting outside the farmers & merchants bank of commerce building eating a packed lunch, while a robbery is taking place inside. they inadvertently catch the robber when he slips on a banana peel tossed on the sidewalk by stan. a grateful bank manager offers them a reward by suggesting that they could have a job in his bank. when oliver mentions they would not be much use since he and stan do not have an education, the bank president expands on their goal to attend night school by saying, "if it's an education you want, you shall have the finest education money can buy." he enrolls stan and ollie at oxford university in england, and they depart the u.s. for oxford, england by steamship. when stan and ollie arrive at the university, the snobby undergraduate students, led by the mischievous johnson (gerald rogers) decide to give them the "royal initiation," which involves a number of pranks. they are sent off into a maze in order to get a pass to see the dean and quickly became lost. one of the students (henry borden) dresses as a ghost in order to frighten stan and ollie, and while they sit on a bench to sleep, the ghost's hand comes through the hedge to help stan smoke his pipe and cigar (substituting for stan's actual hand). they spend all night in the maze while the "ghost" and the other students continue playing tricks on them, and finally exit the next morning. johnson poses as the dean and gives stan and ollie the real dean's quarters to live in. they make themselves at home, only to be confronted by the dean. the dean's outrage is taken by the boys as "another rib". in their efforts to boot him out, the prank is uncovered, and johnson is due to be expelled. before this happens, the students decide to run stan and ollie out so they can't give evidence against johnson. the boys are taken to their real quarters where meredith the valet recognises stan as lord paddington, the "greatest athlete and scholar the university ever had". he says that lord paddington had lost his memory when the window fell on his head and wandered from campus. stan and ollie dismiss his story as a "dizzy spell". hardy explains that he has always known stan as the dumbest guy he ever met. the students arrive and decide to throw stan and ollie out the window. stan and ollie decide to escape through the window and in doing so the window falls on stan's head, which transforms him back into lord paddington. when the students call him a "dirty snitcher", he becomes angry and his ears wiggle—something that occurs whenever lord paddington becomes angry, according to meredith's story—after which he throws most of the students out of the window, into a safety net held out to break the fall of the intended victims, stan & ollie, while the rest flee. even the dean hurries upstairs only to take a trip out the window into the safety net. however, stan does not remember ollie any longer so he becomes furious when ollie tells him of his former life and throws ollie out the window as well when ollie tries to beat him up. lord paddington takes pity on ollie and employs him to be his personal valet, lord paddington even gets a phone call from albert einstein, asking to see him about a problem with his theory of relativity. that and all the athletic trophies, show the transformed stan to be now super-human in intellect & body. he calls ollie by the nickname "fatty" and criticises him, which makes ollie so angry he quits his job and storms out. stan hears students come to cheer him outside and as he looks out of the window it falls on his head once again, returning him back to his usual dumb self. hardy storms back in, still in a tirade about the way lord paddington treated him and stops only when he realizes that stan is now back to his old self. friends again, ollie hugs his best friend and they leave for america.
corpus document1769
city for conquest
james cagney plays a truck driver named danny kenny who was once a new york city golden gloves boxing champion. to help put his brother eddie (arthur kennedy) through music school, danny starts to box professionally under the name of young samson. he quickly rises through the welterweight ranks to become a title contender. ann sheridan plays danny's longtime girlfriend, peggy, a talented dancer. one night while at a dance club with danny, peggy is swayed by murray burns (anthony quinn), a local dancing champion. murray asks peggy to become his professional dance partner, but is insulting to danny as he does it. nevertheless, peggy agrees and quickly learns that murray is domineering and brutish. the arrangement was supposed to be short-term, but just as she is about to marry danny, peggy coldly rejects danny's proposal in a letter as her dancing career is advancing rapidly. embittered by peggy's change of mind, danny continues to thrive in the ring and gets a chance to fight for the world welterweight title. in the title fight in which he was winning, danny is deliberately blinded by his opponent's unscrupulous seconds who have placed rosin dust onto the champion's gloves. peggy listens to the fight on the radio, which danny loses and absorbs terrible punishment in the process. she is so distraught she cannot go onstage to dance that night. her career as a big-time dancer ends and she is reduced to dancing in local new york city shows for small wages. danny, his eyesight permanently damaged, can barely see shadows. with the help of his boxing manager, however, danny begins working as a newsstand operator where he has many regular customers. meanwhile, eddie has become a successful composer of broadway scores, but his true love is classical music. danny persuades eddie to pursue his true calling and continue to work on creating a symphony about new york city. eddie dedicates his first major symphony at carnegie hall to his brother, who is proudly listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand. the movie ends with peggy tearfully reuniting with danny at his newsstand after attending eddie's very successful concert.
corpus document1770
colorado
during the american civil war a confederate officer who is also a captain in the union cavalry is keeping federal troops in the colorado territory from reinforcing their armies in the east by forming an alliance of secessionists, outlaws, and opportunists as well as arming hostile indians. unable to send more reinforcements, the united states secret service sends one man, military intelligence officer lieutenant jerry burke to identify who is behind the troubles and put an end to it. armed with a sweeping letter of both law enforcement and military powers signed by president abraham lincoln jerry meets his old comrade in arms gabby to go west. the confederate/union officer calling himself donald mason is actually jerry's brother donald. donald escapes arrest but confronts his alliance that they are getting rich whilst he is doing all the work and facing all the danger. donald takes over by shooting a corrupt indian affairs commissioner after informing him that the agent is no longer an asset but a liability. donald saves his brother's life and is repaid by jerry by allowing him to face his end by ley fuga instead of hanging after jerry captures him.
corpus document1771
comrade x
in the soviet union, american reporter mckinley "mac" thompson (clark gable) secretly writes unflattering stories, attributed to "comrade x", for his newspaper. his identity is discovered by his valet, vanya (felix bressart), who blackmails mac into promising to get his daughter, a streetcar conductor named theodore (hedy lamarr), out of the country. theodore agrees to a sham marriage so she can spread the message of the benefits of communism to the rest of the world. however, commissar vasiliev (oscar homolka) is determined to unmask and arrest comrade x.
corpus document1772
congo maisie
maisie (ann sothern) hides aboard a west african steamer after she discovers that she cannot pay her hotel tab. she winds up in a hospital on a rubber plantation, which she must save from a native attack.
corpus document1773
cross-country romance
high-profile heiress diane north (wendy barrie) stows away in the trailer of a bacteriologist dr. lawrence "larry" smith (gene raymond) to escape from her own wedding. larry has to drive cross country to san francisco to catch a ship to china, where he will work with an eminent expert on a cure for a serious disease. when he discovers his stowaway, diane tells him she is poverty-stricken maggie "jonesy" jones, making her way to a slightly less poor uncle. larry tries to get rid of his passenger at every opportunity, but she falls in love and uses every wile to stay with him. meanwhile, her wealthy, ditsy mother (hedda hopper) offers a reward for her safe return, fearing she has been kidnapped, but her fiance walter corbett remains remarkably blase about the whole thing. at a lunch counter, two grifters recognize diane, and sneak aboard the trailer, but not before conning orestes (billy gilbert), the diner's cook, into giving them two $10 bills for $5. orestes finally figures out he has been conned and telephones for the police. all four are taken to the omaha police station. police captain g. g. burke finally sorts things out and lets larry and diane go. they get married. then, at one stop, diane secretly calls her mother and asks her to do something to stop larry from going to china (which he insists on doing alone). larry hears on the radio that the famous doctor has found a cure, so he no longer has a reason to go. he also discovers diane's true identity, and promptly dumps her. on his way back through omaha, he is arrested. captain burke is sure he kidnapped and possibly murdered diane, and is frustrated when the alleged victim shows up looking for her husband. diane confesses to larry that the news story was faked by her mother. he leaves once more for san francisco, by air as time is running short. on board the ship, larry is delighted to be invited to dine with the captain, until he discovers that the guest of honor is one of the owners of the shipping line: diane. he storms out, but she persuades him to take her back.
corpus document1774
dance, girl, dance
while dancing at the palais royale in akron, ohio, bubbles, a cynical blonde chorine, and judy o'brien, an aspiring young ballerina, meet jimmy harris, the scion of a wealthy family. both women are attracted to jimmy, a tormented young man who is still in love with his estranged wife elinor. back in new york, bubbles finds work in a burlesque club, while madame basilova, the girls' teacher and manager, arranges an audition for judy with ballet impresario steve adams. en route to the audition, madame basilova is run over by a car and killed, and judy, intimidated by the other dancers, flees before she can meet steve. as she leaves the building, judy shares an elevator with steve, who offers her a cab ride, but she is unaware of who he is and rejects his offer. soon after, bubbles, now called tiger lily the burlesque queen, offers judy a job as her stooge in the bailey brothers burlesque show and, desperate, she accepts. one night, both jimmy and steve attend the performance, and judy leaves with jimmy and tears up the card that steve left for her. the next night, while at a nightclub with judy, jimmy has a fistfight with his ex-wife's new husband, and the next day their pictures appear in the newspaper. bubbles, furious with judy for stealing jimmy, appears at the girl's apartment, where she finds jimmy drunk on the doorstep and sweeps him away to the marriage bureau. meanwhile, steve's secretary, miss olmstead, also sees judy's picture in the paper and identifies her as the dancer who had come to audition. that night, steve attends judy's performance at which the audience is given a lecture by judy about the evils of viewing women as objects. this is followed by a fight between her and bubbles over jimmy. hauled into night court, judy is sentenced to ten days in jail but is bailed out by steve. the next day, when judy goes to meet her benefactor, she recognizes steve, who hails her as his new discovery and promises to make her a star (afi).
corpus document1775
dark command
mary mccloud (claire trevor) marries a seemingly peaceful kansas schoolteacher william cantrell (walter pidgeon), before finding out that he harbors a dark secret. he is actually an outlaw leader who attacks both sides in the civil war for his own profit. after capturing a wagon loaded with confederate uniforms, he decides to pass himself off as a confederate officer. her naive, idealistic brother fletcher (roy rogers) joins what he believes is a rebel guerrilla force. meanwhile, cantrell's stern, but loving mother (marjorie main) refuses to accept any of her son's ill-gotten loot. a former suitor of mary's, union supporter bob seton (john wayne), is captured by cantrell and scheduled for execution. after being rescued by a disillusioned fletcher mccloud, seton and mary cantrell race to the town of lawrence (site of an actual infamous quantrill-led massacre) to warn the residents of an impending attack by cantrell's gang.
corpus document1776
deadwood dick
deadwood dick, a masked and mysterious hero, is in reality dick stanley, editor of the dakota pioneer press and a leading member of statehood for dakota. he is on the trail of a masked villain known as the skull, who leads a violent, renegade band infamous for its violence against the deadwood residents' wishes for a statehood status. our hero soon discovers that the skull terrorizes the town to prevent statehood from being achieved in order to build his own empire in the vast territory. however, dick suspects that one of his fellow committeemen might be responsible for the string of criminal acts. it takes him 15 episodes and about 40 choreographed slugfests to finally uncover the truth and reward the skull's villainy with an exemplary punishment.
corpus document1777
diamond frontier
a man tries to enforce the law in a rowdy south african diamond-mining town.
corpus document1778
a dispatch from reuter's
paul julius reuter (edward g. robinson) starts a messenger service using homing pigeons to fill a gap in the telegraph network spanning europe, but has difficulty convincing anyone to subscribe. when poison is sent to a hospital by mistake, reuter's message saves the day (and many lives). however, he is persuaded by ida magnus (edna best), the pretty daughter of dr. magnus (otto kruger), to keep it quiet, as a scandal would undo all the good work the doctors are doing. finally though, with some hot news about russia invading hungary (which would depress the stock market), reuter is able to convince bankers that he can provide them with financial information much more quickly than by any other means. he is particularly pleased and surprised by how reliable his lifelong, lackadaisical friend max wagner (eddie albert) has become at the brussels office, until his associate franz geller (albert bassermann) informs him that ida had, while there on a visit, taken over and run the place. reuter sends a message by pigeon, asking her to marry him. she sends one back with her assent. when the telegraph network finally fills the gap reuter's business had been exploiting, he realizes that he can use the employees he has in place all over europe to gather the news and sell it to the newspapers. once again, he encounters resistance, particularly from john delane (montagu love), influential editor of the times, but overcomes it by persuading louis napoleon iii (walter kingsford) to allow him to disseminate the text of an extremely important speech at the same time as it is being presented. later, a rival company appears; anglo irish secretly builds a telegraph line in ireland that gives it a two-hour lead in getting news from ships coming from america. reuter borrows money from his client and good friend, sir randolph persham (nigel bruce), and builds his own line, one that extends further west and gets the news even quicker. its first use is to announce the assassination of president lincoln. as nobody knows about reuter's new telegraph line, he is accused of making the tragedy up in order to manipulate the stock market; even sir randolph believes the rumors at first. the matter is brought up in the british parliament, but reuter is vindicated when slower services confirm his story.
corpus document1779
dr. christian meets the women
professor kenneth parker, a god-fearing physical culturist, arrives to work in the serene little town of river’s end. he claims to be a specialist and top authority on health matters. the town physician, dr. paul christian, reacts to parker’s promises to the women in town of dramatic weight loss, if they followed his advice. the head of the town women’s club, mrs. browning, is charmed by the questionable professor. parker and invites him to her home and to have a lecture when the club is meeting. he is welcome to use the club as his forum for his teachings. the professor starts teaching the women about strict diet being the best road to self-satisfaction. dr. christian, on the other hand, begins to warn the women about the dangers with wholesale diets, claiming that all diets should be tailored to fit the individual and advising the women not to listen to the professor. the professor’s teachings result in the disruption of the town women's eating routines. they also disrupt the peace and quiet in the browning family life, causing mrs. browning and her husband to argue about the professor’s teachings and intrusions on the town life. the browning’s daughter, kitty, has taken an interest in the professor’s assistant, bill ferris, and started an extreme diet to seem more pleasing to him. kitty soon collapses from starvation. dr. christian claims the professor is a fraud and a charlatan. the town doesn’t listen to his warnings. kitty’s condition gets worse and dr. christian, exhausted from an abnormal workload because of the professor’s teachings, manages to visit her. while examining her he discovers that the professor has given the girl, and the other women, benzedrine. dr. christian finally discloses the professor and his cultist teachings as a public hazard. the heresies of the professor come to bill’s knowledge, and he finally realizes that his boss is a fraud. he quits and runs to kitty’s bedside. with the help of a blood transfusion he manages to save kitty’s life. the town women are taken off their unhealthy diets and life in town returns to normal, after the professor is driven off, disclosed as a quack. later, bill and kitty are married.[2]
corpus document1780
dr. cyclops
biologists dr. mary robinson (janice logan) and dr. bullfinch (charles halton) are summoned by dr. alexander thorkel (albert dekker) to his remote laboratory in the peruvian jungle. they are accompanied by mineralogist dr. bill stockton (thomas coley), a friend of mary's and a last minute substitute for another scientist, and steve baker (victor kilian), who wants to make sure his hired mules are well cared for (and suspects thorkel may have discovered a rich mine). when they arrive, thorkel asks the scientists to describe a specimen in his microscope, since his eyesight is too poor for him to do so himself. bill identifies iron crystal contamination, much to thorkel's satisfaction. then, to their astonishment, thorkel thanks them for their services and wants them to leave. insulted that they have traveled thousands of miles for nothing, they set up camp in thorkel's stockade, insisting that he tell them more about his research. while snooping around, steve discovers the area is rich with pitchblende, an ore of uranium and radium. when he finds them looking around his laboratory, thorkel becomes angry, but as he is outnumbered, reveals he is shrinking living creatures, among them a horse, using radiation piped from a radium deposit down a deep shaft. he invites them and his assistant pedro (frank yaconelli) to examine his apparatus, then locks them inside his radiation chamber. with the information that bill has provided, he is able to correct the flaw that has killed his prior specimens. when his victims awaken, they find they have shrunk to twelve inches tall. they flee from thorkel, and then from thorkel's cat satanus, from whom they are saved by pedro's dog tipo, who is bewildered by his master now being smaller than him. bullfinch is eventually coaxed into speaking with thorkel, but the latter is not interested in negotiating, merely in measuring bullfinch. when he discovers that bullfinch is growing, he realizes that the effect is only temporary. he murders bullfinch in cold blood and sets out to hunt the others down so that they cannot go to the authorities. the four survivors hack their way through gigantic jungle foliage and do battle with the wildlife. they attempt to launch pedro's small boat (now enormous in their eyes), but are attacked by a caiman. when thorkel locates them using pedro's dog, pedro leads thorkel away from the others and is shot dead. the fugitives hide in one of thorkel’s specimen cases and are brought back undetected to his lab. while thorkel goes outside to adjust a machine, bill, steve and mary prepare to kill him with his own shotgun when he lies down on his bed. however, he instead falls asleep at his desk. they hide his spare glasses, then steve steals the pair thorkel put on his desk, managing to smash one lens before thorkel awakes. thorkel chases the shrunken trio to the mineshaft and precariously hangs by a rope when the plank he was lying on breaks. steve cuts the rope, causing thorkel to plunge to his death. months later, bill, steve and mary return to civilization, restored to their original size. bill and mary are in love.
corpus document1781
dr. ehrlich's magic bullet
paul ehrlich (edward g. robinson) is a physician working in a german hospital. he is dismissed for his constant disregard for hospital rules, which are bound by bureaucratic red tape. the reason for his conflict is his steadily rising interest in research for selective color staining, the marking of cells and microorganisms, using certain dyes and marking agents, which, as he describes in the film, have a certain 'affinity' to that which is to be stained and nothing else. emil von behring (otto kruger), whom dr. ehrlich meets and befriends, while experimenting with his staining techniques, is impressed with dr. ehrlich's staining methods and refers to it as 'specific staining,' adding that this is one of the greatest achievements in science, especially for diagnostic purposes, based on optical microscopy. after attending a medical presentation of one dr. robert koch (albert basserman) showing that tuberculosis is a bacterial disease, ehrlich is able to obtain a sample of the isolated bacterium. after an intense time of research and experimentation in his own lab, paired with a portion of luck, he is able to develop a staining process for this bacterium. this result is honored by koch and medical circles as a highly valuable contribution to diagnostics. during his work, dr. ehrlich is infected with tuberculosis, a disease still known as being deadly. therefore, ehrlich travels with his wife hedwig (ruth gordon) to egypt for recovery and relief. there he starts to discover the properties of the human body with regard to immunity. this discovery helps ehrlich and colleague dr. von behring to fight a diphtheria epidemic that is killing off many children in the country. the two doctors are rewarded for their efforts. ehrlich concentrates on work to create his "magic bullets" - chemicals injected into the blood to fight various diseases, thus pioneering antibiotic chemotherapy for infectious diseases (later adopted by others to fight cancer). ehrlich's laboratory has the help of a number of scientists like sahachiro hata (wilfred hari). the medical board, headed by dr. hans wolfert (sig ruman), believes much of ehrlich's work is a waste of money and resources and fight for a reduction, just as ehrlich begins to work on a cure for syphilis. ehrlich is financially backed by the widow of jewish banker georg speyer, franziska speyer (maria ouspenskaya) and after 606 tries he finally discovers the remedy for the disease. this substance, first called "606", is now known as arsphenamine or salvarsan. the joy of discovery is short-lived, as 38 patients who receive the treatment die. dr. wolfert denounces the cure publicly and accuses ehrlich of murdering those who died from the cure. as faith in the new cure starts to dwindle, ehrlich is forced to sue wolfert for libel and in the process exonerate 606. dr. von bering (who had earlier told ehrlich to give up his pipe dreams of cures by chemicals), is called by the defense to denounce 606. von bering instead states that he believes that 606 is responsible for the death of syphilis itself, the 39th death as he calls it. ehrlich is exonerated, but the strain and stress from the trial are too much for his ill body and he dies shortly thereafter, first telling his assistants and colleagues about taking risks with regard to medicine.
corpus document1782
dr. kildare's crisis
as young doctor james kildare and his fianceé, nurse mary lamont, make plans for their wedding day, mary's brother douglas arrives for a visit. douglas asks kildare and to arrange a meeting with wealthy mr. chandler, whose daughter kildare saved in young doctor kildare, to solicit an endowment of a foundation to create three subsidized trade schools to train unskilled workers. kildare is reluctant to impose on chandler for ethical reasons but is concerned that doug, who hears nonexistent sounds, may be an undiagnosed epileptic. his apparent interest in doug only as an "interesting patient" causes a row with mary that leads him to change his mind. soon after, the happy couple's optimism evaporates into despair when douglas begins experience mysterious mood swings, further pointing to a form of epilepsy, a condition that threatens his marriage to mary. kildare arranges for doug to meet chandler but refuses to confide in mary his unconfirmed suspicions. after dr. leonard gillespie, kildare's crusty mentor, also demurs, mary reveals her fears that they are hiding from her some hereditary condition she may also have to nurse superintendent molly byrd, who reassures mary and pleads with her to patiently trust them. kildare visits doug with news that chandler's partners will meet with doug the next day, which convinces a moody doug to agree to a diagnostic experiment, in which dr. kildare administers coffee, whiskey, steak and salt to doug and lies to him in order to shock his nervous system. doug's rapid recovery from his depressed condition suggests that kildare's assumption is correct. kildare sadly concurs that treatment means at best a lifetime of mediocrity but without treatment, a complete disintegration of the brain and death. doug reveals the situation to mary. as a result, she and doug decide to run away, but their flight is interrupted by kildare, who convinces them to talk again with gillespie. gillespie's shrewd questioning of doug elicits that he suffered a recent untreated head injury he had been concealing that might be responsible for the symptoms. when a further examination reveals a head trauma that is remedied by a brain operation, the future again looks bright for doug, mary and her young doctor, who learns the truism that doctors cannot treat their loved ones.
corpus document1783
dreaming out loud
this time around, lum edwards (chester lauck) and abner peabody (norris goff), the two elderly men owning the jot ’em down general store which is the centre of life in pineridge, arkansas, tries to lend a helping hand to their unfortunate town neighbors. an alcoholic, wes stillman (irving bacon), loses his daughter effie lou (sheila sheldon) in a traffic accident, when she is hit by a passing car. wes is beyond himself with grief and cannot stop blaming himself for not taking better care of her. in order to bring relief to wes, lum and abner see to it that wes is appointed deputy sheriff, and in charge of putting traffic offenders to justice. wes gets to serve as deputy directly under police constable caleb weehunt (robert mckenzie). another neighbor in distress is up next. the store also serves as the town's post office, where alice is working as post-mistress. doctor kenneth barnes (robert wilcox), son of doctor walter "doc walt" barnes (frank craven, cannot marry his fiancé alice (frances langford), because her aunt jessica spencer (clara blandick) demands she make a better choice financially - and she has a feud with doc walt. kenneth is working as a doctor in the next town; but, doesn’t make enough to support a wife and their younger brother; so, they have to wait. lum and abner try to get the doctor a mobile medical unit which would let him support his wife and her younger brother jimmy (bobs watson) when he arrives from his present working place in adamstown. but the wealthy aunt doesn’t budge because she doesn’t approve of doc walt. when jimmy falls very ill with pneumonia, doc walt saves his life, using a special oxygen inhalator that he himself invented. doc walt dies (?) in his efforts to save the boy. ridden by guilt, aunt jessica finally coughs up the money to buy ken a mobile medical unit, so that he can save more lives. soon after, the person who hit effie lou is caught and arrested. it turns out it was jessica’s secretary will danielson (donald briggs).[1]
corpus document1784
dulcy
bill ward wants to marry wealthy angela forbes and goes to the pier to meet her parents' cruise ship when it arrives. bill's sister dulcy goes along, but rather than greet the forbeses, she becomes distracted by arriving passenger gordon daly. dulcy has a habit of doing the wrong thing. when she learns that gordon has invented a new airplane motor and needs to raise capital, she invites him to meet roger forbes, father of her brother's fiancée. then she makes a mistake during gordon's presentation that causes the motor to spit oil in mr. forbes's face. he leaves in a huff. bill and angela decide to elope. dulcy introduces them to a man she's just met, schuyler van dyke, who offers to fund gordon's enterprise. all is well until dulcy learns that van dyke is actually a man named patterson who suffers from delusions of grandeur. luckily for all, roger forbes returns and outbids van dyke for the invention, making dulcy an accidental hero.
corpus document1785
the earl of chicago
to remedy the ill doings of his past, robert "silky" kilmount, ex-chicago bootlegger who has opened up his own legal distillery, hires quentin "doc" ramsey as manager of his company. seven years ago, silky got doc sent to prison after framing him for a crime he didn't commit. doc has no good intentions when accepting the position, just waiting for an opportunity to take revenge. the window of opportunity arrives with attorney gervase gonwell, who comes from england to tell silky that he has inherited land from his deceased uncle, the earl of kinmonth. doc persuades silky to go to england and visit his new estate, but he insists that doc go with him. doc sees the opportunity to ruin silky and tricks him into signing a formal power of attorney document, giving him the right to do as he pleases while silky is abroad. silky lands upon the english culture and makes quite an impact with his gangster-like behavior among the lords and traditions. he gets help from the kind butler, munsey, and a cousin, gerald, and soon finds it in his heart to treasure the ancient traditions and the family history. back in the u.s., doc is emptying the company of every cent without silky's knowledge. when the ceremony to make him a member of the house of lords is about to start, he finds out that he is bankrupt and prohibited by law from selling his english estate. silky kills doc in anger, and is sentenced to death. he will be hanged by the neck in a silken rope in the tower of london. silky accepts his fate and walks with his head held high, as a true nobleman, to the rope and his death, accompanied by his butler.[1]
corpus document1786
earthbound
nick (warner baxter) and ellen (andrea leeds) are celebrating their fifth wedding anniversary by going mountain climbing in switzerland when nick receives a telegram asking him to go back to paris to assist friend jeffrey reynolds (henry wilcoxon) in setting up a new laboratory. after telling ellen that he will return in a couple of days, he goes. on the train, nick encounters an elderly stranger named whimser (charley grapewin) who warns him that he will not live much longer. in paris, nick goes to the laboratory, where he discovers that it was linda reynolds (lynn bari), jeff's wife, who sent the telegram, as the two are in a secret relationship and linda has decided to leave her husband for nick. nick tells linda he wishes to end their affair because he loves his wife ellen, not linda. that night, linda visits nick's apartment and confronts him again. when nick sees that jeff also has arrived at the apartment, nick sends linda to his study to hide from jeff. jeff tells nick that linda has deserted him, and asks nick to help him regain her love. he also tells nick that he needs some more money for his laboratory. when nick goes to his study to write a cheque for jeff, linda appears with a gun. nick struggles over the gun, which fires, shooting him dead. jeff finds linda and takes her away, and nick becomes a ghost. as a ghost, nick goes to his own funeral, where whimser appears again and tells him that his ghost is in an "earthbound" state and will remain in that state until he corrects his misdoings. later, jeff is taken to court, charged with nick's death. in court, an elevator operator named almette (christian rub) testifies about seeing nick and linda together, prompting ellen to try to defend her husband. jeff then fabricates a confession, saying that he killed nick by accident after nick refused to give him the money for his laboratory. jeff, now in prison, is visited by ellen, who informs him was aware of the affair and requests he stop protecting his wife. as ellen leaves, nick and whimser follow her to a cafe, where ellen and linda have a talk. ellen learns that linda intends to run away to america. linda discovers that ellen knows she was the one that murdered nick. nick talks to ellen, and requests that she go to his apartment and find the gun. she locates it and returns to linda's apartment; however, linda has left for the train. they manage to get to her train, where ellen confronts her. linda admits that she killed nick after nick tried to end their affair. she also tells ellen that it was because he admitted that he was only in love with his wife. when nick's ghost leaves the "earthbound" state, he returns to the park, where he can rest in peace.
corpus document1787
east of the river
mama teresa runs a small new york cafe. she keeps son joe lorenzo out of reform school and adopts his hopeless, homeless pal nick, hoping they'll stay out of trouble. joe's life of crime pays for nick's education. he pretends to be out west running a ranch, but joe is actually doing time in san quintin prison for his crimes. he gets out and returns to new york with his girl, laurie romayne, a convicted forger, to see nick graduate from college. laurie is drawn to mama's wholesome way of life and also falls for nick, so joe threatens to reveal her past. joe also informs on criminals scarfi and turner, who had framed him into landing behind bars. turner wants revenge after scarfi is executed, but joe is able to elude him. his guilty conscience allows laurie to pursue a relationship with nick.
corpus document1788
east side kids
police officer pat o'day (leon ames), a former child of the tenements, tries to reform a gang of street kids by involving them in a boys' police club. when club member danny dolan (harris berger)'s brother knuckles (dave o'brien) is sentenced to death row for killing a treasury agent, pat vows to help danny clear his brother, whom he believes is innocent, but before he can begin his investigation, the police commissioner demotes him to walking a beat. meanwhile, a counterfeiting ring composed of mileaway harris(dennis moore), a former tenement kid, morris, and his girl friend may (maxine leslie) sets up shop in shopkeeper's schmidt (ted adams)'s, basement. feeling threatened by pat, morris schemes to discredit the policeman by posing as a businessman who wants to hire pat's boys to distribute advertising leaflets. unknown to pat, morris places bogus five dollar bills in the pay envelopes, and when the boys are caught passing fake money, pat is implicated in the counterfeiting scheme. to prove his innocence, pat takes to the streets, and danny, still unaware of morris' involvement in the counterfeiting ring, agrees to deliver a suitcase for him to may. a policeman follows danny to may's apartment, where they are greeted by mileaway, who kills the policeman and takes danny hostage. as they drive across town, danny learns that it was mileaway who killed the treasury agent and framed knuckles. pat tracks down mileaway's car, and in the ensuing chase, mileaway escapes and kills schmidt. pat and the kids chase mileaway to a rooftop, where dutch (hal e. chester), danny's friend, struggles with mileaway. when they both fall to the sidewalk, dutch is killed; but mileaway lives to confess to the agent's murder, and all ends happily as both knuckles and pat are exonerated.
corpus document1789
edison, the man
in 1869, anxious to be more than a tramp telegraph operator, edison (spencer tracy) travels to new york at the prompting of an old friend, bunt cavatt (lynne overman). he goes to work for mr. els (henry travers). he tries to persuade financier mr. taggart (gene lockhart) to fund the development of his inventions, but taggart has no interest in financing “green electrical workers”. however, general powell (charles coburn), the president of western union, does. edison eventually sells an invention to taggart and powell for $40,000, enabling him to get married and open his own “invention factory” at menlo park. in the next few years, he perfects the phonograph with his devoted staff. trouble arises when bunt brags to reporters that edison has invented the electric light. since he hasn't yet, he is condemned by the scientific community (encouraged by taggart, whose gas stocks are threatened by the announcement). edison “leaves science behind”, and with a herculean trial-and-error effort, finally succeeds in inventing a practical electric light. his subsequent plans to light new york are again hindered by taggart, who arranges it so that edison is only given six months to complete the entire task. nevertheless, edison finishes the job just in time.
corpus document1790
elmer's candid camera
elmer is reading a book on how to photograph wildlife. he has come to the country to photograph wildlife. as he tries to photograph happy rabbit, happy finds himself a convenient victim to harass. this tormenting eventually drives elmer insane, causing him to jump into a lake and nearly drown. happy saves him, ensures that elmer is perfectly all right - and promptly kicks him straight back into the lake. then, happy throws elmer's "how to photograph wildlife" book on his head, thus ending the cartoon as the screen irises-out.
corpus document1791
escape
famous german stage actress emmy ritter (alla nazimova) is held in a nazi concentration camp. she is scheduled to be executed soon, but the sympathetic camp doctor, ditten (philip dorn), has been a fan since childhood and offers to deliver a letter from her to her children...afterwards. emmy's son mark preysing (robert taylor), an american citizen, travels to germany in search of his mother, but nobody, not even frightened old family friends, want anything to do with him. a german official tells mark that she has been arrested and advises him to return to the united states. the postmark of a returned letter guides mark to the region where she is being held. there, he meets by chance countess ruby von treck (norma shearer), an american-born widow, but she also does not want to become involved, at least at first. then, she asks her lover, general kurt von kolb (conrad veidt), about emmy and learns that she has been judged a traitor in a secret trial and sentenced to death. at a concert, mark encounters doctor ditten, who takes the opportunity to deliver emmy's letter. then, ditten drugs emmy into a coma, making it appear as if she has died. he tells mark what he has done. mark sends longtime family servant fritz keller (felix bressart) to collect the coffin, but the american's nervousness raises the suspicion of the political police and he is brought to the camp for questioning. fortunately, he is allowed to take his mother's body away. when the road is blocked by snow, mark is forced to find heat and shelter for his mother at the house of the countess. the next day, he meets von kolb, who is jealous of the younger man. later, when mark and a disguised emmy leave for the airport, von kolb guesses what is happening (from mark's earlier lack of reaction to the news of his mother's "death") and confronts the countess. she begs him not to interfere, but he is implacable. knowing about his health problems, she taunts him with her love of mark, which provokes him into having a heart attack, giving her new friends time to escape.
corpus document1792
the fargo kid
a cowpuncher is mistaken for a notorious gunman.
corpus document1793
father is a prince
john bower is a demanding father, tight with a dollar and rigid in insisting that his son junior someday come into the carpet-sweeper business with him. his demure wife susan puts up with his iron-fisted and tight-fisted ways. connie, their daughter, is in love with gary lee, a bright young college graduate. they wish to marry but aren't sure how to break the news, so she invites gary and his parents to dinner. john ruins the evening for everyone with his temper. susan says she wants a divorce, finally bringing her husband to his senses.
corpus document1794
the fight for life
at the city hospital a young intern presence how dies of a young mother in the maternity delivery room. very worried about having overlooked a fact that could have prevented death, he began to frequent a maternity clinic in a poor neighborhood of chicago to learn more about maternity mortality and find new ways to avoid it.
corpus document1795
the fighting 69th
the plot centers on misfit jerry plunkett (james cagney), who displays a mixture of bravado and cowardice. the chaplain, father francis p. duffy (pat o'brien) attempts to reform plunkett. sgt. "big mike" wynn (alan hale, sr.) loses both his brothers in action due to plunkett's blunders. major donovan ultimately orders plunkett to be court-martialed. plunkett is nonetheless returned to duty, as the battalion again goes into the line. shamed and inspired by donovan's forbearance, plunkett redeems himself by fighting bravely. finally he sacrifices his life to protect his comrades by covering a grenade with his body. while jerry plunkett was a fictional character, father duffy, major donovan, lt. ames, and sgt. joyce kilmer were all real members of the 69th. many of the events depicted (training at camp mills, the mud march, dugout collapse at rouge bouquet, crossing the ourcq river, victory parade, etc.) actually happened.
corpus document1796
flight angels
although "ace" commercial airline pilot, chick faber (dennis morgan) is grounded by flight superintendent bill graves (ralph bellamy) when a flight physical reveals that his eyesight is failing. aided by stewardess mary norvell (virginia bruce) and her friend, nan hudson (jane wyman), graves persuades chick to take a job as teacher in the school for stewardesses. while he remains at the airline, along with engineer, artie dixon (wayne morris), he continues work on the design of a secret research aircraft, he calls the "stratosphere ship" that will revolutionize commercial aviation by flying faster and higher than any current type. after farber and norvell get married, he finds that teaching is too restrictive and yearns to get back to his secret project. when he learns that the us army air corps is going to test his aircraft, he attempts to get permission to make the first flight, but is refused due to his failing eyesight. coming back after hours, farber takes off and puts his secret aircraft through a high altitude test although graves warns him by radio that the aircraft is too dangerous to fly without further development. at height, windows blow in and farber barely recovers from going unconscious and pulling out of a high-speed dive, to make a crash landing back at his base. angrily giving up his pilot's license, he decides to leave his wife and join the newly formed chinese mercenary air force fighting against japan. air corps officers intercept him in san francisco and call him back to active duty in the military to keep the secret of the "stratosphere ship" in us hands. graves rearranges mary's flight schedule, sending her to san antonio, where she is met by newly promoted capt. farber, now a flight instructor at randolph field. the reunited couple are finally at peace, knowing that everything will turn out all right.[note 2]
corpus document1797
flight command
hotshot ensign alan drake (robert taylor), fresh from the flying academy at pensacola, florida, wants to be accepted by the pilots of an elite squadron, nicknamed the "hellcats", to which he has been posted in san diego. he gets off to a bad start, making a nearly disastrous landing attempt in heavy fog against orders, then disqualifying the squadron during a competitive shooting exercise by colliding with the target drogue when shooting at it. he also asks out lorna (ruth hussey), a woman he has met, not knowing that she is married to the squadron commander billy gary (walter pidgeon). but he is earnest and contrite, and both his flying and his social errors are readily forgiven. although initially reluctant to accept a recent trainee (they nickname him "pensacola"), soon enough his fellow pilots do. he mixes with them at the garys' large house, which the sociable couple have opened as an unofficial officers' club. drake also proves himself when he helps lieutenant jerry banning (shepperd strudwick) solve a problem in a blind-landing apparatus he is developing. just after commander gary is sent out of town on assignment, banning decides the apparatus is ready to test in fog—but it fails and he is killed. working with banning's assistant, drake soon identifies the problem, but no further testing is allowed. banning had been a friend of lorna gary's since childhood, and is not her first friend to die. she sinks into a deep depression, made worse because she knows her husband will expect her to hide her feelings, deal with the facts, and carry on. drake is finally able to reach her and convinces her to keep her mind occupied with activities. she goes out with him for walks, drives, tennis; he amuses her with jokes. at a restaurant she reaches for his hand and realizes she is falling for him. she quickly breaks away and says she cannot see him any more. as soon as her husband returns, she tells him she needs to leave him for a while. she explains that she cannot again hide her feelings and carry on after a tragedy, as he expects; but he just says she should have said so before. not mentioning drake, she also says that she has changed. he tells her to leave if she must, but he still loves her and hopes she will come back to him because she loves him. because drake and lorna were seen together, some of the squadron believe he must have seduced her. out of respect for her privacy, drake gives no explanation but merely files a resignation letter, which commander gary reluctantly puts through channels. while waiting for a response, they participate in an emergency search and rescue, during which gary's engine fails and he is badly injured in a crash-landing. drake acts against orders to rescue him, but san diego is under a heavy fog. fortunately banning's equipment is still on drake's plane, and he is able to use it to land safely. in response to a telegram, lorna gary returns to san diego and visits her husband in the hospital; their marriage is saved. she explains what happened between her and drake; his reputation is saved. and drake's resignation is refused because he is too junior to leave the navy; his career with the squadron is saved. all is well.
corpus document1798
florian
a young groom, anton, has grown up in austria a friend of the duchess, diana, despite their differences in social class. anton trains a gifted stallion, florian, for her father, the emperor. archduke oliver is the intended husband for the emperor's daughter, but he is killed in battle. when war ravages the country, anton is able to assist diana in crossing the switzerland border to safety. but he is arrested on returning home. the horse, florian, is sold to max borelli, a carnival worker from new york city who takes him there, then treats him abusively and eventually sells the horse for a fraction of its worth. anton is freed and, accompanied by dr. hofer, his veterinarian, travels to new york to begin a new life. while he is there, anton manages to find florian, return him to good health and make him the splendid horse he used to be. diana becomes aware of their presence and all are happily reunited.
corpus document1799
flowing gold
oilfield worker john alexander (john garfield) is on the run from a murder charge. he talks "hap" o'connor (pat o'brien) into hiring "johnny blake" on a trial basis, even though hap has been contacted by the police and given a wanted poster with a photograph of the fugitive. hap is rewarded when johnny saves him from being attacked by a man hap fires for being drunk on the job. however, when the police show up again, johnny has to flee. hap and his crew travel to a new oil field to dig a well for old friend ellery q. "wildcat" chalmers (raymond walburn). hap is pleasantly surprised to discover that wildcat's daughter linda (frances farmer) has grown up into a very attractive woman. however, charles hammond (granville bates), wildcat's longtime bitter enemy, sees to it that his loan request is turned down by the bank. wildcat has no more money, but hap offers his life savings and is made a partner. when they haul their equipment to the site wildcat has leased, they find their way blocked by a fence put up by hammond's men. they drive through it, and a wild melee breaks out. in the middle of it, hap and johnny find themselves at each other's throat. johnny quickly switches sides, and hammond's men are sent packing. johnny goes to work for hap, but his arrogant attitude gets on linda's nerves. she is particularly annoyed by his nickname for her, "freckle nose". the two are attracted to each other despite themselves, though hap does not realize it. when johnny gets arrested for a routine brawl, he is soon released. however, he decides it is time to move on, as his fingerprints were taken. after he leaves though, hap is injured in an accident. johnny is the only one who can take over, so linda catches him and persuades him to come back. they finally admit they love each other. johnny tells her he killed a man in self-defense, and they plan to go to the venezuela oil fields. when hap recovers enough to come back, he finds out and tries to dissuade them. the well hits water, but hap knows the same thing happened at a nearby successful well. he has them continue digging, and they strike oil. johnny leaves just in time, as policemen come looking for him, having matched him to his fingerprints. however, lightning sets the oil well ablaze. a crane is needed to put the fire out, but the driver refuses to go any further on the dangerous, rain-soaked, landslide-prone road. johnny takes his place, and the fire is put out. he is taken into custody afterward, but linda goes with him to face the charge.
corpus document1800
foreign correspondent
in mid-august 1939, just before the outbreak of world war ii, the editor of the new york globe, mr. powers (harry davenport), is concerned about the crisis in europe, the growing power of adolf hitler and nazi germany, and the inability of celebrated foreign correspondents to get answers about whether war will ensue. after searching for a good, tough crime reporter for a fresh viewpoint, he appoints john jones (joel mccrea) as a foreign correspondent, under the pen name huntley haverstock. the reporter's first assignment is stephen fisher (herbert marshall), leader of the universal peace party, at an event held by fisher in honor of a dutch diplomat named van meer (albert basserman). on the way to the party, haverstock sees van meer entering the car that is to take him to the party, and runs to interview him; van meer invites him to ride along, but diplomatically evades his questioning. at the party, haverstock meets fisher's daughter, carol (laraine day). van meer disappears mysteriously. later, fisher informs the guests that van meer, who was supposed to be the guest of honor, will not be attending the party; instead he will be at a political conference in amsterdam. at the conference, van meer is shot in front of a large crowd by a man disguised as a photographer. haverstock commandeers a car to follow the assassin's getaway car. the car he jumps into happens to have in it carol and another reporter, scott ffolliott (george sanders), who explains that the capital letter in his surname was dropped in memory of an executed ancestor. the group follows the assassin to the countryside, where they see a windmill begin turning backwards: obviously a signal. while carol and ffolliott go for help, haverstock searches the windmill and finds a live van meer; the man who was shot in front of witnesses was an impostor substituted to make everyone believe van meer was killed. the old man has been drugged and is unable to tell haverstock anything. haverstock is forced to flee when the kidnappers become aware of him. they escape with van meer in an aircraft before the police arrive. later, back at haverstock's hotel room, two spies dressed as policemen arrive to kidnap him. when he suspects who they really are, he escapes out the window and into carol fisher's room. haverstock and carol board a british boat to england, and while a furious storm thunders overhead, he proposes marriage to her which she accepts. in england, they go to carol's father's house, where haverstock sees a man whom he recognizes as one of the men at the windmill. he informs fisher and fisher promises that he will send a bodyguard to protect him. the bodyguard, rowley (edmund gwenn), repeatedly tries to kill haverstock. when the assassin tries to push him off the top of the westminster cathedral tower, haverstock steps aside and rowley plunges to his death. haverstock and ffolliott are convinced that fisher is a traitor, so they come up with a plan: haverstock will take carol to the countryside, and ffolliott will pretend she has been kidnapped to force fisher to divulge van meer's location. after a misunderstanding with haverstock, carol returns to london. just as fisher is about to fall for ffolliott's bluff, he hears her car pull up. fisher heads to a hotel where van meer is being held with ffolliott on his tail. van meer is being interrogated using sleep deprivation to discover a secret clause in a treaty he signed. just as he is being forced to divulge the information the organization wants, ffolliott distracts the interrogators. when haverstock arrives, fisher and his bodyguards escape, leaving van meer behind. van meer is rushed to the hospital in a coma. england and france declare war on germany. while haverstock, ffolliott and the fishers are on a short s.30 empire flying boat to america, fisher confesses his misdeeds to his daughter. carol believes haverstock does not really love her but only used her to pursue her father. haverstock protests that he was just doing his job as a reporter. seconds later, the aircraft is shelled by a german destroyer and crashes into the ocean. the survivors perch on the floating wing of the downed aircraft. realizing that it cannot support everyone, fisher sacrifices himself by allowing himself to drown. jones and ffolliott attempt to save him, but are unsuccessful. they are rescued by an american ship, the mohican. the captain refuses to allow the reporters to file their story using the ship's communications citing american neutrality, but jones, ffolliott, and carol surreptitiously communicate the story by radio-telephone to mr. powers. later, back in london and now a successful war correspondent, haverstock, with carol at his side, describes london being bombed in a live radio broadcast to the united states, urging americans to fortify their country and "keep the lights burning" as they go dark in the studio.
corpus document1801
forgotten girls
factory worker judy wingate financially supports her stepmother frances, who is keeping company with eddie nolan, a gangster. eddie makes a pass at judy, who knocks him cold with a skillet. a furious frances finds eddie recovering, strikes him again and kills him. but it is judy who is arrested, convicted and sent to prison for five years. a reporter covering the trial, dan donahue, develops a romantic attraction to judy, who finds prison bearable, at least being far from her wicked stepmother. a guilty conscience persuades frances, however, to offer $10,000 from judy's life insurance policy to mobsters gorno and mullins to break her out of jail. all spirals downhill from there. judy threatens to go to the police and tell all she knows. mullins, angry with frances, runs her down with a car. on her deathbed, frances attempts to confess, but gorno shoots her before she can speak. donahue and the police, however, are able to get the better of the villains and clear judy's name once and for all.
corpus document1802
forty little mothers
out of work professor gilbert jordan thompson stops a suicidal stranger named marian edwards from jumping off a pier and helps her get a job so she can support herself. then he finds an abandoned baby with a note asking someone to give him a good home. when he can't find anyone to claim the baby, gilbert "adopts" him so he won't end up in an orphanage. meanwhile, the baby's mother, marian, arrives a few minutes too late to reclaim her son and frantically tries to find him, not knowing that the man who saved her life is taking care of her child. soon gilbert gets a teaching job with live-in quarters at an all-girls school that doesn't allow teachers to have families. this forces him to hide the baby, who he calls "chum." the students harass professor and try one scheme after another to get him fired because they're angry at him for replacing the heartthrob professor they loved. when the girls discover chum and hear his story, they become his "forty little mothers" and fight for the privilege of taking care of him, also deciding that the professor isn't so bad after all. after staff members see the girls making baby clothes and assume the worst, they alert the strict, no-nonsense headmistress who finds chum and fires professor thompson for breaking the rules. the girls stage a mutiny and barricade themselves in their dormitory, vowing that they won't come out until the professor gets his job back. the professor talks sense into them and prepares to leave, not knowing that marian has shown up and reclaimed her son. because she thinks professor thompson is the husband who deserted marian and her baby, the headmistress tries to turn his students against him by bringing the mother and child to the classroom to tell them about it. however the professor comes in before she can tell them the story, and he and marian recognize each other. marian explains that she had to give up her baby after being deserted by her husband, and thompson explains that he took the baby in. he says the baby had the "best care in the world and the love of forty little mothers." marian thanks the girls for taking such good care of her baby. the professor walks outside and marian follows so he can say goodbye to chum. as the professor is leaving the campus, the remorseful headmistress with all the students in tow gives him his job back.
corpus document1803
four sons
when the germans invade czechoslovakia in 1939, the four sons of a czecho-german family follow different paths: czech patriot, nazi supporter, artist in america, and heroic german soldier.
corpus document1804
free, blonde and 21
jerry daily and carol northrup are residents of a new york city hotel for women. jerry fakes a suicide out of anger for her married lover spurning her. at the hospital, administrator dr. hugh mayberry takes a liking to carol, while young surgeon dr. steve greig falls for jerry. carol and hugh hit it off and end up marrying. jerry, however, two-times steve with a gangster, mickey ryan, who robs and murders a tavern owner and is wounded in the process. jerry pleads with steve to operate on mickey, who dies anyway. after police suspicions point them toward hugh as an accomplice, steve confesses that he was the doctor in question. he doesn't inform on jerry, but the cops trick her into an admission of guilt and take her away.
corpus document1805
from nurse to worse
the stooges are painters who run into their old friend jerry, an insurance salesman (lynton brent). he promises them that if they take out a policy on curly proving that he has gone insane, they can collect $500 a month. moe and larry bring curly on a leash to the office of dr. d. lerious (vernon dent). curly's pretending to be a hound is so over the top that the doctor declares that he must operate. the stooges flee, and hide out in the back of a dog catcher's truck, where they are soon infested with fleas. dr. d. lerious eventually catches up with the stooges, and curly is sent straight for the operating room. eventually, the trio get away on a gurney, encounter jerry again, and then give him the works.
corpus document1806
a fugitive from justice
fugitive lee leslie is wanted by three groups; the police, the gangsters who fear his testimony in court and the insurance company that carries a $1,000,000 policy on him and is anxious to protect its interests by seeing that leslie stays alive. the company assigns dan miller to find leslie. a night club singer, ruby patterson the beneficiary of his will, tips the gangsters as to his whereabouts. he escapes but the gang kidnaps his sister janet and his mother. his plan to surrender to the police now depends on being able to rescue them first.
corpus document1807
gambling on the high seas
a reporter tries to nail a gambling ship owner for murder.
corpus document1808
gangs of chicago
after the death of his corrupt father, young matty burns enrolls in law school, not to seek justice but to learn how to represent criminal organizations while remaining within the law. he graduates with roommate bill whitaker, a judge's son, and is invited to come live at the whitaker farm, where june whitaker finds herself attracted to her brother bill's friend. with a federal agent named evans keeping a close eye on his activities, matty becomes the legal mouthpiece of jim ramsey, a racketeer. bill is beseeched by agent evans to spy on his friend, which he does reluctantly at the urging of his law-abiding dad. ramsey and his moll, virginia brandt, don't trust bill and spring a trap, catching him red-handed seeking evidence. bill is seriously wounded by thug pinky's gunshot and rushed to a doctor by matty, his friend. both later hide out at the family farm, where ramsey and his men come to finish the job. they are vanquished, but matty must now do time behind bars.
corpus document1809
gaucho serenade
down and out rodeo stars gene autry (gene autry) and frog millhouse (smiley burnette) leave new york city for california with their car and horse trailer. along the way they discover young ronnie willoughby (clifford severn), a school boy from london, has accidentally stowed away in their car. having just arrived from london by steamship, ronnie climbed into the car and fell asleep, believing they were jenkins and carter, sent by his father to take him to his father's "ranch" in california. ronnie does not know that his father, frederick willoughby (lester matthews), is actually in san quentin state prison, framed for embezzlement by his employer, edward martin (joseph crehan) of the western packing company, to cover his own criminal activities. willoughby agrees to appear as a witness on behalf of the small independent ranchers of california in a lawsuit against martin, who has been driving them out of business to gain a monopoly. to prevent willoughby from testifying, martin schemed to kidnap frederick's son ronnie by sending the boy the cable that invited him to visit his father's large spread, "rancho san quentin." the plot was momentarily derailed when the boy mistook gene and frog for his escorts. gene recognizes willoughby's name and suspects that something is not right. he decides to retain custody of the boy until he can investigate. while driving along the road, they nearly collide with joyce halloway (june storey) and her little sister patsy (mary lee), whose car goes into a lake. joyce is a socialite, a wealthy ranch owner, and a runaway bride who is wanted by the police for taking the jilted bridegroom's car. she and patsy stow away in gene's horse trailer, and after several spats, gene agrees to drive them to their california ranch. along the way, jenkins and carter, having picked up ronnie's trail, try to kidnap the boy, but gene and frog foil the attempt. after gene and his group arrive at joyce's ranch, she offers ronnie refuge, pretending it is rancho san quentin. gene sends willoughby a wire telling him that ronnie is with him, but the convict mistakes it for a kidnapping note and breaks out of prison to rescue his son. martin sends his henchmen to join the posse in pursuit of the fugitive, which has orders to "shoot to kill." when he arrives at joyce's ranch, willoughby learns that ronnie is safe and surrenders to the sheriff. when martin and his henchmen attempt to hijack the train carrying the willoughby back to prison, gene saves the day. frederick is exonerated and returns to joyce's ranch claim his son, while gene agrees to stay at the ranch as joyce's new foreman.[2]
corpus document1810
the ghost breakers
in a manhattan radio studio, a broadcast is being made by crime reporter lawrence lawrence (bob hope)—"larry" to his friends, as well as his enemies, who are many in number among the local underworld. listening in on the broadcast is pretty brunette mary carter (paulette goddard), whose high-rise hotel room goes dark as a violent thunderstorm causes a citywide blackout. in the near darkness, a knock comes at her door. it is mr. parada (paul lukas), a suave, vaguely sinister cuban solicitor. he delivers the deed to her inherited plantation and mansion, "castillo maldito", on a small island off the coast of cuba. despite parada's discouragement, she impulsively decides to travel to cuba by ship to inspect her new property. during parada's visit, mary receives a telephone call from mr. mederos (anthony quinn), an even more sinister gent who warns mary not to sell the newly inherited property to parada. mary agrees to meet mederos later. meanwhile, after larry lawrence has finished broadcasting the evening's exposé of a local crime boss, he receives a telephone call from the crime boss, frenchy duval (paul fix). frenchy invites larry to his hotel to discuss the broadcast so he can "give it" to him straight. coincidentally, frenchy is living in the same hotel where mary carter lives. mederos arrives on the same hotel floor as larry. however, mederos is looking for parada. mederos confronts parada and parada shoots and kills him. larry hears the shot and fires his gun at random. in a mix-up in the still-darkened building, larry sees the body and believes he's killed one of duval's henchmen. in the confusion he finds himself in the rooms of mary carter, who is already busy packing for her journey. believing that he is being pursued by duval's men, larry hides in mary's large open trunk. unaware of larry's presence, mary locks the trunk and arranges for its transport to the harbor. later at the dock, larry's valet alex (willie best) searches among the luggage bound for loading and finds larry among them. although not in time to prevent the trunk's transfer to the ship's hold, alex manages to get on board, hoping to extricate his employer before the ship sails. once in her stateroom, mary is surprised to unpack larry along with the rest of her belongings. larry and alex decide to remain on board, partly to act as bodyguards to the plucky beauty, but also to keep out of reach of frenchy duval and the police. as larry and mary strike up a flirtation, they run into an acquaintance of mary's, geoff montgomery (richard carlson), a young professorial type who regales them with tales of the local superstitions of their destination, particularly voodoo, ghosts and zombies. upon reaching port in havana, mary, larry, alex go to the island. en route they find a shack occupied by an old woman (virginia brissac) and her catatonic son (noble johnson), whom they believe is a zombie. the imposing plantation manor proves to be a spooky edifice indeed. they begin to explore the long-abandoned, cobweb-ridden mansion, and discover a large portrait of a woman who is nearly an exact likeness of mary—most certainly an ancestor. soon they are terrorized by the appearance of a ghost, and the reappearance of the zombie. are these real, or are they a ruse to frighten mary away from her inheritance?
corpus document1811
the ghost comes home
mild mannered vern runs a pet store that seems to gather more pets than he sells. one day he receives a telephone call from john 'old fishface' thomas in australia. he wants to leave a considerable amount to the town and vern is to come down and help him decide where it should go. vern goes to the inter pacific steam lines to catch the ship and with hours until sailing, heads to a nightclub to hear his favorite band. vern winds up doing 60 days in jail. when he gets out, he goes home to find that the 'mariluna' had sunk with all hands and that the family has already spent the travel insurance money. so vern hides out to keep everyone from going to jail for fraud. but mild mannered vern soon becomes a tiger and he and lanny need to figure a way out of his predicament.
corpus document1812
girl from havana
woody and tex, a pair of american oilmen working in south america, both fall for a beautiful young woman they simply call "havana." the more prosperous suitor is tex, who just earned a $2,500 bonus, but havana is more smitten with woody, who lands in jail after using havana's loaded dice in a craps game. woody, fired from his job, is sprung by pal tubby waters, who is then killed by a man named drenov in a fight. woody avenges him by killing drenov, whose job he is promptly offered as a gunrunner to captain lazear, a revolutionary. sensing that he is in grave danger, havana ventures into the jungle to find woody near a hidden storehouse of ammunition and explosives. there she encounters lazear's jealous girlfriend, chita, and pretends she and woody are married. tex arrives to help woody fight off the revolutionaries, then is by their side again when woody and havana are actually wed.
corpus document1813
give us wings
the dead end kids work as airplane mechanics in the national youth administration work program plant. feeling that they have enough knowledge of planes, they feel the urge to want to become pilots. the boys are hired by crop dusting operator arnold carter to become pilots. upon being hired, york (carter's manager) feels that the boys are far too inexperienced to fly, and assigns them to ground work. when carter's company falls behind in their contracts, the dead end kids are forced to learn the ropes of flying. eventually, york agrees that all of the boys are ready to become pilots,
corpus document1814
the golden fleecing
mary blake insists that mild-mannered insurance salesman henry twinkle demand a raise if they intend to get married. henry earns praise and a raise from his boss when he sells a valuable policy to a man named gus fender. fender turns out to be a gangster with a huge reward for anyone who brings him in, dead or alive. henry's furious boss orders him to personally assure fender doesn't end up dead. fender and his moll, lila hanley, however, dupe henry into a scheme in which they'll end up with the reward money themselves. henry foolishly tries to pay them with a check. mary, who quit her job after henry's raise, bemoans his acceptance of a worthless stock and even sues him to get back money she feels she's got coming. the stock ends up valuable after all and henry ends up with $150,000 in hand. he naively gives fender a fistful of cash, which then accidentally gets burned into ashes.
corpus document1815
golden gloves
during an amateur boxing prizefight a young boy, joey parker, is beaten to death, and there is no acceptable official reason for why it happened. because of this his sister, mary parker, becomes a strong opponent of boxing and all it stands for. a newspaper refuses to print the truth of what lies behind the parker boy’s tragic death, so sportswriter wally matson resigns in protest. the truth is that parker was only one of many boys unscrupulously used by a boxing promoter, joe taggerty, who has paid off wally’s editor at the newspaper for his silence. wally vows to clean up the amateur boxing scene by exposing the corruption. he lands a job at a small newspaper and persuades the publisher to sponsor a legitimate tournament. wally personally invites amateur billy crane to participate in the tournament’s opening match. billy is in love with parker’s sister mary, so out of consideration for her, he declines. to get billy to fight, wally needs to win over mary, so he takes her out for dinner. he tells her about his tough childhood and how boxing gave hope to friends as a way of securing their futures. billy gets her permission to enter the tournament. taggerty is not happy, believing this new tournament started by wally will ultimately put him out of business. taggerty lies by telling billy that wally only is after his beloved mary, and that the two of them already have been on a date. billy is devastated. taggerty goes even further to sabotage the tournament. he pays a professional boxer, cliff stanton, to enter it posing as an amateur. taggerty’s plan is spoiled when billy is set to fight against stanton. inspired by mary’s vow of everlasting love for him, he beats stanton fair and square in the fight. taggerty’s deceit is exposed, and the golden gloves amateur tournament wins national acclaim.[2]
corpus document1816
gold rush maisie
on the way to an audition at the hula parlor café, singer maisie ravier (ann sothern) gets trouble with her car in the middle of nowhere in arizona. she manages to get to a ranch nearby, owned by a grumpy man named bill anders (lee bowman), who gets overly friendly during the night. maisie barricades herself in her guest room and leaves early the next morning. when she finally arrives at the café, her position is already filled. maisie meets a little girl named jubie davis (virginia weidler) and hears rumors about a gold rush in a nearby abandoned smalltown. the same day she leaves for phoenix, riding with the davis family, who are there because of the gold findings. maisie takes pity on the poor family who has been tricked to come to arizona, and persuades them to set up camp on bill's land instead of in the smalltown, where hustlers are working the new arrivals for their savings. bill eventually gives in, letting the davis family raise their tent on his ranch. maisie joins the family in their search of gold, making a deal with the head of the family, bert davis (john f. hamilton). they dig for days without finding anything, but suddenly they strike upon a vein of gold. they report their finding and wait for the paperwork to be finished. meanwhile, a storm comes in over the ranch, destroying the family's camp, forcing them to take refuge in bill's house. the next morning the family is informed that their gold vein is worthless, and the disappointed davis family gets ready to go back onto the road, looking for work elsewhere. maisie explains to bill that they never came to find a fortune, but to survive because they had nowhere else to go. bill takes pity on the poor family and offers to irrigate some land in a nearby valley with water from his estate, so that they can stay and become farmers. maisie then leaves to find her own fortune.[1]
corpus document1817
go west
confidence man s. quentin quale (groucho) heads west to find his fortune. in the train station, he encounters crafty brothers joseph (chico) and rusty panello (harpo) who manage to swindle his money. the panellos are friends with an old miner named dan wilson (tully marshall) whose property, dead man's gulch, has no gold. they loan him their last ten dollars for a grub stake and he gives them the deed to the gulch as collateral. unbeknownst to wilson, the son of his longtime rival and beau to his granddaughter eve wilson (diana lewis), terry turner (john carroll) has contacted the railway to arrange for them to build through the land, making the deed holder rich.
corpus document1818
granny get your gun
leonard maltin: "cute comic mystery... robson is a hoot as a rough-riding nevadan who straps on her six-shooters and turns sleuth to clear her granddaughter of a trumped-up murder charge."
corpus document1819
the grapes of wrath
the film opens with tom joad (henry fonda), released from prison and hitchhiking his way back to his parents' family farm in oklahoma. tom finds an itinerant ex-preacher named jim casy (john carradine) sitting under a tree by the side of the road. casy was the preacher who baptized tom, but now casy has "lost the spirit" and his faith. casy goes with tom to the joad property only to find it deserted. there, they meet muley graves (john qualen) who is hiding out. in a flashback, he describes how farmers all over the area were forced from their farms by the deed holders of the land. a local boy (irving bacon), hired for the purpose, is shown knocking down muley's house with a caterpillar tractor. the large joad family of twelve leaves at daybreak, along with casy, who decides to accompany them. they pack everything into a dilapidated 1926 hudson "super six" sedan adapted to serve as a truck in order to make the long journey to the promised land of california. the trip along highway 66 is arduous, and it soon takes a toll on the joad family. the elderly grandpa (charley grapewin) dies along the way. tom writes the circumstances surrounding the death on a page from the family bible and places it on the body before they bury it so that if his remains were found, his death would not be investigated as a possible homicide. they park in a camp and meet a man, a migrant returning from california, who laughs at pa's optimism about conditions in california. he speaks bitterly about his experiences in the west. the family arrives at the first transient migrant campground for workers and finds the camp is crowded with other starving, jobless and desperate travelers. their truck slowly makes its way through the dirt road between the shanty houses and around the camp's hungry-faced inhabitants. tom says, "sure don't look none too prosperous." after some trouble with a so-called "agitator", the joads leave the camp in a hurry. the joads make their way to another migrant camp, the keene ranch. after doing some work in the fields, they discover the high food prices in the company store for meat and other products. the store is the only one in the area, by a long shot. later they find a group of migrant workers are striking, and tom wants to find out all about it. he goes to a secret meeting in the dark woods. when the meeting is discovered, casy is killed by one of the camp guards. as tom tries to defend casy from the attack, he inadvertently kills the guard. tom suffers a serious wound on his cheek, and the camp guards realize it will not be difficult to identify him. that evening the family hides tom under the mattresses of the truck just as guards arrive to question them; they are searching for the man who killed the guard. tom avoids being spotted and the family leaves the keene ranch without further incident. after driving for a while, they have to stop at the top of a hill when the engine overheats due to a broken fan belt; they have little gas, but decide to try coasting down the hill to some lights. the lights are from a third type of camp: farmworkers' wheat patch camp (weedpatch in the book), a clean camp run by the department of agriculture, complete with indoor toilets and showers, which the joad children had never seen before. tom is moved to work for change by what he has witnessed in the various camps. he tells his family that he plans to carry on casy's mission in the world by fighting for social reform. he leaves to seek a new world and to join the movement committed to social justice. tom joad says: as the family moves on again, they discuss the fear and difficulties they have had. ma joad concludes the film, saying:
corpus document1820
the great dictator
on the western front in 1918, a jewish private (charlie chaplin) fighting for the central powers nation of tomainia[8] valiantly saves the life of a wounded pilot, commander schultz (reginald gardiner), who carries valuable documents that could secure a tomanian victory. however, their plane crashes mid-flight, and the private subsequently suffers memory loss. upon being rescued, schultz is informed that tomania has officially surrendered to the allied forces, while the private is carried off to a hospital. twenty years later, still suffering from amnesia, the private leaves the hospital to return to his previous profession as a barber in the ghetto. the ghetto is now governed by schultz, who has been promoted in the tomainian regime under the ruthless dictator adenoid hynkel (also chaplin). the barber falls in love with a neighbor, hannah (paulette goddard), and together they try to resist persecution by military forces. the troops capture the barber and are about to hang him, but schultz recognizes him and restrains them. meanwhile, hynkel tries to finance his ever-growing military forces by borrowing money from a jewish banker called hermann epstein, but the banker refuses to lend him the money. furious, hynkel orders a purge of the jews. schultz protests this inhumane policy and is sent to a concentration camp. he escapes and hides in the ghetto with the barber. schultz tries to persuade the jewish family to mount an assassination attempt against hynkel, but they decline to participate. troops search the ghetto, arrest schultz and the barber, and send both to a concentration camp. hannah and her family flee to freedom in the neighboring country of osterlich. hynkel has a dispute with the dictator of the nation of bacteria, a man named napaloni (jack oakie), over which country should invade osterlich. after signing a treaty with napaloni, hynkel invades osterlich, with hannah and her family being trapped by the invading force. escaping from the camp in stolen uniforms, schultz and the barber, dressed as hynkel, arrive at the osterlich frontier, where a huge victory-parade is waiting to be addressed by hynkel. the real hynkel is mistaken for the barber while out duck hunting in civilian clothes and is knocked out and taken to the camp. schultz tells the barber to go to the platform and impersonate hynkel, as the only way to save their lives once they reach osterlich's capital. the barber has never given a public speech in his life, but he has no other choice. the terrified barber mounts the steps but is inspired to seize the initiative. announcing that he (as hynkel) has had a change of heart, he makes an impassioned plea for brotherhood and goodwill. finally, he addresses a message of hope to hannah, in case she can hear him. hannah hears the barber's voice on the radio. she turns her face, radiant with joy and hope, toward the sunlight, and says to her fellows, "listen."
corpus document1821
the great mcginty
dan mcginty (brian donlevy) is a bartender in a banana republic who recounts his rise and fall to the bar's dancing girl and an american customer. the customer was a trusted bank employee who can no longer return to the united states and his family because he is wanted by the law after falling to temptation and stealing from the bank. mcginty is in a similar situation, but in his case it is due to "one crazy minute" of honesty rather than one of dishonesty. in a long flashback, he explains. mcginty's career begins when he is a tramp who, offered a $2 bribe to vote under a false name in a rigged mayoral election, does it thirty-seven times at different precincts. this impresses a local political boss (akim tamiroff), whose name is never mentioned; although they sometimes almost come to blows with each other, mcginty becomes one of the boss's enforcers, then his political protégé. during a public campaign for political reform, the boss, who controls all the political parties in the city, decides to have mcginty elected mayor as a "reform" candidate. he says a credible candidate must be married, but mcginty has no one he wants to marry. his secretary (muriel angelus) then proposes a marriage of convenience, which he accepts. elected mayor, he continues the political corruption established by the boss, rationalizing that the public still benefits from public works no matter who bribes their way into profiting from them. but then he and his more idealistic wife actually fall in love. he begins to take her views on public service seriously, but says he is not powerful enough to act against the boss in any case. but next the boss decides mcginty should be governor of the state, and mcginty is duly elected. now he feels he is powerful enough, and on his inauguration day he tells the boss that they're through with each other. the boss says that if he goes down then he'll take mcginty with him by revealing his part in the corruption; but then he becomes angry enough to fire a gun at mcginty inside the governor's mansion, ensuring his prompt arrest. in due course mcginty and the boss find themselves in adjacent jail cells, from which the boss arranges an escape for both. the flashback ends with mcginty providing for his wife and her children by telling her by phone about money he has hidden. we finally see that the former political boss is still his boss at the bar, and that they are still given to violent disagreements.
corpus document1822
the green archer
the struggle over the bellamy estate ends with michael bellamy accused of murder and killed on the way to prison, while his brother, abel bellamy, takes control of the estate for his own nefarious plans. bellamy is using garr castle as a base for his jewelry-theft ring, and he kidnaps his brother's wife to keep things quiet. insurance investigator spike holland enters the case, and bellamy continually dispatches his resident gang to do away with him. detective thompson, representing the law, is seldom of any help. meanwhile, the estate's fabled "green archer", a masked, leotard-clad marksman, steals silently through garr castle and the estate grounds, confounding the enemy forces. this serial is an example of a fifteen-episode production that could have been rented for a twelve-episode run, as three episodes use an entirely self-contained subplot concerning the theft of a synthetic radium formula.
corpus document1823
green hell
a group of adventurers journey deep into the south american jungle in search of ancient incan treasure. a beautiful woman, brought to their camp by hired bearers, has come to join her husband, a newer member of the group, who was recently killed by hostile natives. as the months pass, jealousies and tempers flare as fights break out over the woman. the incan treasure is eventually found but the treasure-seekers, now united by a common enemy, are about to be attacked by hordes of fierce natives armed with bows and poisoned arrows.
corpus document1824
half a sinner
on the last day of the school year, dowdy 25-year-old teacher anne gladden has her student willy write punishment lines on the blackboard. after the class is dismissed, she releases the boy and tells him that few can do what they want in life, so they might as well make the best of what they have. she is overheard by margaret ree, an older teacher. margaret tells anne that she regrets not doing wild things when she was young. she advises anne to do what she never did. anne decides to take her advice and treat herself to one day of freedom. she buys a pretty dress and hosiery and releases her pet canary delilah. sitting in a public park, anne is propositioned by "handsome", a persistent guy who will not go away. anne finally knocks him down and drives off in his car. handsome turns out to be a killer, he stole the car she is in, and on the floor of the back seat is the body of a man that he and his partner red have murdered. slick, their boss, is displeased when he learns that the body is hidden under his overcoat, which has a label with his name on it. slick gives red ten hours to get the coat back, or else. the police are also looking for the stolen vehicle. unaware of any of this, ann picks up a handsome young man named larry cameron, whose car has broken down. police officer kelly spots the car and gives chase, but anne manages to lose him. they head to the local country club for refreshments. larry turns out to know far more about anne's predicament than she does, pointing out that she has a corpse in the back seat. snuffy, a snitch, runs into red and tells him he found the car he is looking for. after red leaves, snuffy telephones kelly. when larry sees kelly by the car, he points red out as the driver. while kelly is chasing red, larry and anne drive away. they stop for gas at a station. the attendant recognizes them as fugitives, but larry ties him up. mrs. breckenbridge pulls up in her chauffeur-driven limousine. while the newcomers are distracted, larry switches license plates. then larry and anne break into an empty house, but red and handsome track them down. fortunately, larry manages to knock red out and handsome runs away after anne burns him with a cigarette. mrs. breckenbridge also shows up, after an encounter with kelly. it comes out that they "broke into" larry's home; the car is also larry's. despite anne's assumption, he is not a crook. when the pair return the car to the park for the police to find, two other gang members take them at gunpoint to slick. then mrs. breckenbridge bursts in. she was following in her car and, when she saw her friends being captured, sent her chauffeur for the police, who arrive and capture the gang. afterward, anne tells granny gladden that she and larry are getting married. granny tells her that delilah has returned too, also with a companion.
corpus document1825
he married his wife
horse racing enthusiast t.h. "randy" randall is a happily divorced man nowadays. on the day of the one-year anniversary of the divorce, he and his former wife, valerie, go to the restaurant where they first fell in love. randy was responsible for breaking up their marriage in the first place, by spending more time with his race horse than valerie. at the restaurant, while they are dancing, the police come and arrest randy for not paying his alimony to valerie. he is thrown in jail, and desperate to get out he starts to plan how to get rid of his obligation to pay alimony altogether. he finds that the best solution is to get valerie to marry someone else, and so he tries to fix her up with a friend of his, paul hunter. they both accompany randy to a party at the estate of a rich eccentric socialité, ethel hilary, who has a special interest in collecting original characters to her circle of friends at the estate. besides randy and his company and yoga master dickie brown, a very handsome man named freddie arrives to the estate. he is unknown to everyone, but is soon romantically interested in valerie, trying to get her interested in him by singing her a serenade in the night. she mistakes the singer for randy, and he discovers that valerie is more interested in freddie than paul, and forces her to go with him instead of freddie to a picnic. problems arise when randy gets a flat tire and valerie has to be escorted by freddie anyway. she manages to get freddie to propose to her at the picnic, but is devastated to learn that freddie is already married. having re-discovered his interest in valerie, randy gets jealous of freddie, and wants to remarry his ex-wife. randy quickly proposes to valerie and she immediately accepts, having longed a long time for him to utter those words. unfortunately randy's lawyer, bill carter, accidentally reveals that randy has had a "plan" to get rid of the alimony, and valerie gets second thoughts about marrying him again. she decides on marrying the dull paul instead, upset with randy's presumptious behavior. the marriage is about to take place at the estate, but on the wedding day both randy and paul turn up as grooms. during the ceremony, randy's own race horse ajax participates in a race broadcast over the radio. the ceremony is quite disturbed by the race, and just when valerie has decided to marry randy, the horse wins the race to both their joy.[1]
corpus document1826
her first romance
victim of a cruel prank, the plain and not very popular teenager linda strong is invited to a school's fraternity dance. getting no encouragement from stepsister and guardian eileen, she is helped by cousin marian and family cook katy to look lovely on the night of the dance. outside, she encounters handsome opera singer philip niles, who escorts her into the dance and invites her to sing a duet. an envious eileen takes notice, as does boyfriend john gilman, who had been marian's sweetheart before eileen lured him away. linda schemes so that marian and john can get back together. she is crushed when philip appears to have fallen for eileen, then delighted when philip promises to propose marriage to linda as soon as she turns 18.
corpus document1827
high school
growing up on her widower dad's ranch, jane wallace has become a big-mouthed tomboy. james wallace decides to send her off to san antonio to a school run by his brother, henry. jane and her pal jeff jefferson show up with high hopes, but her arrogance is off-putting to other students, particularly co-ed cuddles dixon, who schemes to make jane look bad. jane also gets blamed for campus football hero slats roberts flunking a test and becoming ineligible for the big game. jane's thinking about going home when slats' sister befriends her. jane tutors her brother and also helps her woo handsome tommy lee, a boy cuddles has been pursuing. slats passes the test and jane's popularity soars.
corpus document1828
hired wife
when stephen dexter (brian aherne), boss of dexter cement, competes with the giants in his industry, they strike back by threatening to get an injunction against him the next day and tie up his business if he will not cooperate. facing bankruptcy, he still refuses to give in. van horn (robert benchley), his lawyer and longtime friend, suggests he get married that day and transfer all his assets to his new wife to get around the injunction. stephen wants to marry his current girlfriend, blonde phyllis walden (virginia bruce), but his second in command, kendal browning (rosalind russell), has other ideas. early on in their working relationship, she had fended off his romantic advances, but has come to regret it. when stephen sends her to see phyllis, kendal words the offer is such a way that phyllis suspects it is a trap designed to expose her gold-digging motives. so she turns the second-hand marriage proposal down. running out of time, stephen asks kendal to marry him. she accepts, and they fly to south carolina to see a justice of the peace. kendal eventually confesses to stephen what she did to make phyllis reject him, angering her husband. however, they have to live under the same roof to avoid suspicion that their marriage is a sham. van horn becomes a reluctant chaperon, rooming with stephen. when stephen sneaks away to a nightclub to explain things to phyllis, kendal follows. she runs into her handsome latin friend jose (john carroll), who is curious to see what stephen looks like. kendal comes up with the idea to have the penniless jose pose as a wealthy man to divert phyllis. when stephen's business competitors give up their underhanded tactics, he asks kendal for a divorce. to his surprise, she refuses to give him one. however, the justice of the peace who married them shows up at the office and apologizes: his license had expired, so the marriage is invalid. when phyllis and jose separately converge on the office, he is finally revealed to be a fraud financed by kendal. kendal and jose leave. afterward, though, stephen and phyllis admit to themselves that they really love kendal and jose, respectively. both couples are happily reunited.
corpus document1829
his girl friday
walter burns (cary grant) is a hard-boiled editor for the morning post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, hildegard "hildy" johnson (rosalind russell), is about to marry bland insurance man bruce baldwin (ralph bellamy) and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in albany, new york. walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer earl williams (john qualen). walter does everything he can to keep hildy from leaving, including setting bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. he even kidnaps hildy's stern mother-in-law-to-be (alma kruger). when williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff (gene lockhart) and practically falls into hildy's lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her. she is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and leaves to return to albany. the crooked mayor (clarence kolb) and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger (billy gilbert) brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late. walter and hildy find out in time to save williams from the gallows and they use the information to blackmail the mayor and sheriff into dropping walter's arrest for kidnapping. afterward, walter tells hildy they're going to remarry, and promises to take her on the honeymoon they never had in niagara falls. but then walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in albany, which is on the way to niagara falls by train.
corpus document1830
hit parade of 1941
a small radio station is saved from going bankrupt by a backer, who agrees to invest money for television equipment if the owner allows his dancing daughter annabelle to dance and sing on the screen. due to her voice, her singing needs to be dubbed by the owner's girlfriend pat abbott. problems arise when the owner starts dating annabelle.
corpus document1831
hold that woman!
bill lannigan (john dilson), boss of skip tracers ltd. - a debt collecting company, gives his repossession agent jimmy parker (james dunn) an ultimatum: he has thirty days to become as successful as his competitor, miles hanover (dave o'brien), or he will be fired. jimmy and his girlfriend mary mulvaney (frances gifford) try to repossess a radio, belonging to miss lulu driscoll (rita la roy) who has not kept up her payments. but jimmy is unaware that there are stolen jewels in the radio! it turns out the jewels are stolen from a famous movie star named connie hill (anna lisa). since jimmy is persistent and forces his way into her hotel room, lulu calls the police and they arrest both him and mary and take them to jail. meanwhile, hill's manager, john lawrence (william hall), strongly suspects that her fiancé steve brady (george douglas) is somehow involved in the theft of connie's jewels. lawrence overhears a conversation between douglas and a man called duke jurgens (paul bryar) as they talk about a share in the robbery. lawrence is convinced that brady is in on the theft and goes to skip tracers to hire someone to get the jewels back and jimmy's competitor miles, gets the assignment. jimmy is released from prison and happy to be free so he decides on a whim to marry mary. he also tries to find driscoll to repossess both the radio and the jewels but discovers that she's moved. meanwhile, hanover sees brady abducted by the duke and his gang. they go to driscoll's new residence to find the missing jewels, and discover hanover and tie him up, while both driscoll and brady are put in the trunk of a car. the duke and his men rummage through the house to find the jewels when they are interrupted by jimmy coming for the radio. the duke gives jimmy the radio just to get rid of him. jimmy finds the missing jewels inside the radio and sees the car parked outside the house. the car also happens to be on his list of items to repossess, so he tells mary to take his car, while he takes this one back for repossession. the duke sees jimmy take his car and a chase ensues, ending with the police stopping both vehicles. jimmy gets the jewels to his boss lannigan and gets a reward for finding them.[1] but the real crooks and the cops are soon after them again. it’s just a matter of who’ll catch up with them first and if they’ll survive long enough for jimmy to carry mary over the threshold of their own home.
corpus document1832
the house across the bay
a singer (bennett) waits for an imprisoned gangster (raft) to be released from alcatraz.
corpus document1833
the house of the seven gables
in the late 17th century, colonel jaffrey pyncheon, falsely accused a poor carpenter, matthew maule, of witchcraft. maule was hanged. pyncheon took his land and built the luxurious pyncheon home on it. but maule cursed the pyncheons, and the colonel soon died. the family has lived during the next 160 years desperately afraid of the "maule curse". in the mid-19th century, col. pyncheon's great-great grandson jaffrey pyncheon (george sanders) is a lawyer just embarking on his career. his elder brother, clifford (vincent price), lives at home with their father, gerald pyncheon (gilbert emery). jaffrey is obsessed with legends that say a vast sum of money is hidden in the pyncheon house. jaffrey is summoned to his father's home when clifford informs him that the house is to be sold to pay his father's debts. jaffrey, terrified at losing the lost treasure, pries up floorboards and searches in the walls at night for the lost gold. clifford, however, doesn't believe the family stories. he wants to marry his cousin, hepzibah pyncheon (margaret lindsay), sell the house, and move to new york city. when gerald decides not to sell the house after all, clifford and his father argue violently. gerald dies of a heart attack, and strikes his head as he falls. jaffrey, knowing clifford is innocent, nonetheless accuses him of murder. clifford is convicted and imprisoned, but renews "maule's curse" upon jaffrey before being led away. gerald's will gives all three children sizeable yearly incomes, but leaves the house to hepzibah. hepzibah throws jaffrey out of the house and seals all the doors and windows so that no light can be admitted. over the next two decades, she rarely leaves her home. in 1841, clifford is given a new cellmate, who identifies himself as matthew maule (dick foran). he and clifford become close friends. maule is shortly released, and takes the name "holgrave." an abolitionist, he rents a room from hepzibah pyncheon. shortly thereafter, a distant cousin dies and hepzibah takes in the cousin's daughter, phoebe pyncheon (nan grey). desperate for money, hepzibah opens a small shop in a room of her home. with the beautiful, vivacious phoebe running the shop, it is a success and earns her much money. the governor releases clifford from prison, who returns to the pyncheon house. "holgrave" spreads rumors about town that clifford has been poring over old documents, has found a secret stairway in the house, and is tearing up the pyncheon home in search of the long-lost treasure. jaffrey has invested money from wealthy abolitionists in risky investments involving the slave trade. realizing he might be able to seize control of the house, jaffrey uses these rumors to accuse clifford of insanity. jaffrey visits the house, and hears banging — which he assumes is clifford searching for the gold. jaffrey leaves, triumphant. hepzibah discovers that holgrave is making these noises, and evicts him from the house despite the protests of phoebe (who is in love with him). a worried hepzibah then searches holgrave's room and discovers he is really matthew maule. she warns clifford, who admits that he has known all along who holgrave is and that holgrave is part of his plan to clear his name. jaffrey visits the house and tells clifford that he intends to have him committed. clifford responds by asking jaffrey to sign a document that clears clifford's name. jaffrey refuses. deacon arnold foster (miles mander), who loaned jaffrey the investment funds, arrives and demands the money back. jaffrey refuses. the deacon goes into the hallway and commits suicide. hepzibah accuses jaffrey of murder. panicking, jaffrey signs the document and tells clifford that he can have the lost treasure so long as clifford does not accuse him of murder. clifford admits that there is no hidden staircase and no gold. it's all been a trick on jaffrey, played by clifford and matthew maule. hearing the name of maule, jaffrey collapses dead. with clifford's name cleared, he marries hepzibah and maule marries phoebe. they restore the house, and put it up for sale.
corpus document1834
how high is up?
the stooges are menders who drum up business at a construction site by poking holes on the bottom of the workers' lunch boxes, then offering to repair the holes. when their ruse is discovered, they are chased onto the site and blend in with a crowd of men seeking employment. curly states that they are "the best riveters that ever riveted," and the hiring workman (edmund cobb) sends them to work on the 97th floor, despite curly's debilitating fear of heights. while riveting, larry also heats sausage for moe and curly. the foreman discovers larry, who proceeds to toss curly an actual rivet, who claims, "it's a weenie, but it's kind of tough." curly later uses a hard hat with a screwhead to engage the rivets while moe drills them. the stooges do a lousy job riveting and part of the building collapses when head foreman mr. blake (vernon dent) leans against a beam. he and several men chase the stooges, who escape by parachuting off the building and landing in their wagon below, with the chute tarp now covering it, and drive off. just as the scene fades out, the sound of an off screen collision is heard!
corpus document1835
the howards of virginia
against the backdrop of the events leading up to the american revolution, 12-year-old matt howard (dickie jones) loses his father, a poor, struggling virginia farmer, and his uncle reuben when they are enticed by the prospect of 1000 acres of free fertile ohio land to join the disastrous 1755 braddock expedition and are killed in battle against the french. the youngster is consoled by his schoolmate and friend tom jefferson (richard carlson). when matt (now played by cary grant) grows to manhood, he sells the family farm, determined to settle ohio, but a chance encounter with tom changes his plans. tom introduces him to his wealthy friends, passing him off as a gentleman down on his luck, and gets him a job as a surveyor for the aristocratic fleetwood peyton (cedric hardwicke). he and fleetwood's sister jane (martha scott) fall in love, but when she finds out that he is no gentleman, she is outraged. matt, however, purchases a thousand acres in the shenandoah valley and persuades her to marry him. he builds a fine plantation, albemarle, only to see their marriage crumble under the strain of events and differences in their upbringing.
corpus document1836
hullabaloo
morgan is the star of the film, as a fading actor frankie merriweather who is trying to revive his career by starring on a radio program. when his most recent broadcast, a science fiction invasion from mars story, panics the nation, he is fired. he decides to jumpstart his career by creating a new show which features his talented children.
corpus document1837
ice-capades
bob clemens is a cameraman for newsreels. assigned to shoot the swiss ice skater karen vadja, he arrives too late, so decides to film a woman skating on a different new york rink and pass her off as karen. the scheme backfires when promoter larry herman takes a look at bob's film and decides to make the skater a star. unfortunately, it's actually amateur (and illegal immigrant) marie bergin in the newsreel footage, not the great figure skater from switzerland. chaos ensues as bob tries to straighten everybody out.
corpus document1838
i love you again
in 1940, while on a cruise, stodgy, overly frugal businessman larry wilson (william powell) gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing a drunk 'doc' ryan (frank mchugh) from the water. he wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named george carey. george's last memory is of going to place a large bet in 1931. when the ship docks at new york, he is met by kay (myrna loy), whom he discovers is his wife. she is in the process of divorcing him to marry herbert (donald douglas). they go home to the small town of habersville, pennsylvania. george talks doc (who is also a con artist) into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the enormous balance in his checking account. that turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the community chest), so he decides to swindle people using his alter ego's sterling reputation. he sends for duke sheldon (edmund lowe), who plants oil on a lot george owns. a complication arises when he falls in love with kay a second time. she however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband. george attempts to win back kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell the worthless land to several greedy leading citizens of the town. in the end, he decides to abort the swindle, but duke will not let him. they fight, and george is knocked out by a punch. when he comes to, he is larry once more. duke leaves in disgust. when doc notes that one knock on the head reversed the effect of another, kay picks up a vase, but before she can use it, "larry" proves that he was only faking to get rid of duke.
corpus document1839
i take this oath
police officer mike hanagan (robert homans) attempts to expose a fraudulent official who works with a gang of racketeers, but the official has hanagan murdered. hanagan's son steve (gordon jones) decides to avenge his father, and at the suggestion of his girlfriend betty casey (joyce compton) he joins the police force. under the instruction of daniel casey (guy usher), betty's father, steve begins learning how to be an officer. however, as he has become so dedicated to finding his father's murderer, he begins to fall behind on his law studies, and due to his poor grades he is dismissed from the force. steve believes he has found the clue that points to his friend joe kelly's (craig reynolds) uncle jim kelly (sam flint) being the murderer. when jim hears that steve suspects him, he decides that steve must be killed. a struggle ensues between steve and jim, and a bullet is fired at steve but joe is hit instead and steve then shoots jim. impressed, casey returns to allow steve back onto the police force.
corpus document1840
i take this woman
on the way to new york in a ship, a famous psychiatrist, dr. karl decker (spencer tracy), sees a young girl, georgi (hedy lamarr) attempting suicide by jumping from the top because of a failed romance with phil mayberry (kent taylor). the doctor rescues her and makes her understand how to live by doing real work. after reaching new york, she visits the doctor and joins him in his practice at a clinic for the poor. they fall in love and marry. the doctor leaves his clinic and joins a famous hospital so that he can earn more money to support his wife in style. he becomes highly successful, and the owner takes him as a business partner. meanwhile, phil pesters her to renew their love affair, saying that he still loves her. she finally meets with him at his apartment and asks him to stop disturbing her, realizing that she loves karl instead. before georgi and karl can depart for a belated honeymoon, karl learns that georgi and phil had met in his apartment. believing that she still loves phil, karl breaks off his relationship with georgi in spite of her protest. an important call comes from the hospital regarding a suicidal case of a young girl. karl rushes to the hospital, but the girl dies in spite of his efforts. on the death certificate, he writes "suicide," but the father of the girl opposes him, wanting to avoid any scandal. karl will not listen to him, and finally decides to quit working for the hospital and travel to china to do research. before his departure, he visits his old clinic. his former patients are pleased, having heard from georgi that he was planning to open the clinic again. but he refuses in spite of their disappointment. when some of the children, whose lives he saved, entreat him to reopen the clinic, he relents at last. georgi asks, "can i stay too?" karl happily agrees, and the film ends as they kiss.
corpus document1841
i want a divorce
alan and geraldine macnally are a married couple, who are doubting if they did the right thing by marrying each other. meanwhile, david and wanda holland are in the final stages of their divorce. it so happens alan is the attorney who arranges their divorce. this makes him and geraldine fall even further apart. everything changes when wanda commits suicide after she loses custody of her son. the macnallys then start thinking about what is really important to them.[citation needed]
corpus document1842
if i had my way
buzz blackwell, fred johnson and axel swenson are construction workers in san francisco who are helping to build the golden gate bridge. they are good friends and buzz and axel even help fred in raising his daughter patricia. when fred tragically dies in an accident, patricia is forced to go live with her relatives in new york city whom she has never met. buzz and axel decide to travel with her. they soon arrive at the home of her uncle jarvis johnson, a snobby rich man with supercilious wife. jarvis has received a letter from buzz but wants no part in raising patricia. when they show up, jarvis pretends to be someone else and sends them to the other "j. johnson", joe, another uncle. joe and marian are poor ex-vaudevillans but welcome the girl with open arms. buzz wants to give joe the money fred left for patricia, but finds out a drunken axel used that money to buy a swedish restaurant. buzz is determined to help and turns the restaurant into a nightclub, using a loan from jarvis, which he obtained through false pretenses. jarvis returns to claim his money back, but the club is a success and he is repaid.
corpus document1843
i'm nobody's sweetheart now
football player tod lowell is the son of a man running for governor, who needs the support of a political boss. tod's dad asks a favor, that tod spend a few weeks squiring gertrude morgan, the man's daughter. trouble is, tod's been romantically involved with betty gilbert, a nightclub singer, while gert's gotten engaged to tod's football rival, andy mason. a few tricks are played on the parents to make them believe tod and gertrude are serious, but just as they are about to return to their former partners, the two realize they actually have fallen for one another.
corpus document1844
i'm still alive
a spat on a hollywood set between stuntman steve bennett and actress laura marley leads to the two of them falling in love and being married. steve's work is dangerous and laura persuades him to quit, but he has difficulty finding a different occupation. when youthful former colleague tommy briggs has a complicated stunt to do, steve volunteers to take his place, then after being rejected by producer walter blake is devastated when tommy is killed. steve leaves to become a barnstorming pilot. blake schemes to lure steve back for laura's sake by inventing a romance between her and stuntman red garvey. when he returns, steve ends up involved in yet another life-threatening stunt. he barely survives, but laura is happy to have him back.
corpus document1845
the invisible man returns
sir geoffrey radcliffe (vincent price) is sentenced to death for the murder of his brother michael, a crime he did not commit. dr. frank griffin, the brother of the original invisible man (named john instead of jack), injects the prisoner with an invisibility drug. as radcliffe's execution nears, he suddenly vanishes from his cell. detective sampson (cecil kellaway) from the scotland yard guesses the truth while radcliffe searches for the real murderer before the drug causes him to go insane. the radcliffe family owns a mining operation. the recently promoted employee willie spears (alan napier) is promoted within the company, stirring radcliffe's suspicions. after forcing spear's car off the road, spears is scared into revealing that richard cobb (sir cedric hardwicke), radcliffe's cousin, is the murderer. after a confrontation, a chase scene ensues during which radcliffe is struck by a bullet from sampson. cobb is killed falling from a coal wagon, but not before confessing to the murder. radcliffe, dying from blood loss and exposure, makes his way to dr. griffin. a blood transfusion makes radcliffe visible, allowing the doctor to operate and save his life. (vincent price actually only appeared in the film for one minute, and spent the remainder of the movie as a disembodied voice.)
corpus document1846
the invisible woman
the wealthy lawyer dick russell (john howard) funds the dotty old inventor professor gibbs (john barrymore) to create an invisibility device. the first test subject for this machine is kitty carroll (virginia bruce), a department store model who had been fired from her previous job. the machine proves quite successful, and kitty uses her invisible state to pay back her sadistic former boss, mr. growley (charles lane). while the professor and the invisible kitty are off visiting the lodge of the millionaire russell, the gangster blackie cole (oscar homolka) sends in his gang of moronic thugs (including shemp howard) to steal the device. with the machine back at their hideout, however, they cannot get it to work. by now kitty has returned to visibility, and the thugs are sent in to kidnap her and gibbs. however, she has learned that some alcohol will restore her to invisibility, and uses this to defeat the gang (with help from russell). at the end of the film it is revealed she has married and become a mother. to top it off, she and the professor learn that her treatment has apparently become hereditary—as her infant son vanishes upon being rubbed with an alcohol-based lotion.
corpus document1847
irene
upholsterer's assistant irene o'dare meets wealthy don marshall while she is measuring chairs for mrs. herman vincent at her long island estate. charmed by the young girl, don anonymously purchases madame lucy's, an exclusive manhattan boutique, and instructs newly hired manager mr. smith to offer irene a job as a model. she soon catches the eye of socialite bob vincent, whose mother is hosting a ball at the family mansion. in order to promote madame lucy's dress line, mr. smith arranges for his models to be invited to the soiree. irene accidentally ruins the gown she was given to wear and substitutes a quaint blue dress belonging to her mother, and it creates a sensation. irene is mistaken for the niece of ireland's lady o'dare and, in order to publicize his collection, mr. smith decides to exploit the error and moves irene into a park avenue apartment. dressed in furs and draped with diamonds while escorted around town by bob, irene's appearance prompts gossip columnist biffy webster to suggest she is a kept woman. outraged, irene demands madame lucy protect her reputation by revealing the truth, only to discover don is the owner of the shop. irene agrees to marry bob, but on the night before the wedding, bob confesses he still loves former sweetheart eleanor worth, and irene realizes she loves don. the couple decides to make things right by reuniting with their rightful partners.
corpus document1848
it all came true
aspiring songwriter tommy taylor (jeffrey lynn) pins his hopes on the promises of his employer, gambler and gangster "chips" maguire (humphrey bogart). however, chips uses the gun he had registered under tommy's name to kill monks (herb vigran) when he betrays chips to the police. it turns out chips had tommy carry the gun for just such a situation, to provide him with a fall guy. needing a place to hide out, chips blackmails tommy into taking him to the boarding house owned by his mother, nora taylor (jessie busley), and her longtime friend, maggie ryan (una o'connor), by threatening to turn the gun over to the police. nora is overjoyed to see her son after an absence of five years. tommy introduces them to chips, who pretends to be a man named grasselli recovering from a nervous condition. by chance, maggie's showgirl daughter, sarah jane (ann sheridan), returns the same day. the two mothers dream of their children getting married, but tommy seems indifferent to sarah jane. sarah jane becomes suspicious of grasselli, who does his best to avoid being seen. she eventually hides in the hall bathroom and recognizes him, having worked for him once. unwilling to get nora and maggie in trouble, she agrees to keep chips' secret. nora starts mothering chips, as does maggie after a while. tired of hiding in his room all the time, chips emerges and becomes acquainted with the other boarders: miss flint (zasu pitts), mr. salmon (grant mitchell), washed-up magician the great boldini (felix bressart), and mr. van diver (brandon tynan). in the parlor, chips enjoys an amateur show put on by tommy, sarah jane, and the boarders. when sarah jane learns that nora and maggie are about to lose their house due to unpaid taxes, she turns to chips for help, encouraging his attentions, even though she is in love with tommy. he provides the money, but as that will only postpone their financial problem, he suggests (out of sheer boredom) that they set up the boarding house to bring in money by turning it into an exclusive nightclub, with the added advantage that tommy and sarah jane can showcase their talents. nora is enthusiastic, but it takes some persuasion to get maggie to go along. in the meantime, miss flint, the housekeeper, sees chips' picture in a crime magazine. sarah jane intimates that chips will have her killed in a gruesome manner if she tells anyone what she knows. but on opening night, after drinking too much champagne, she becomes frightened by chips' taunts and goes to the police station. two detectives spot chips in the nightclub, but agree to let him watch the rest of the show. tommy sees the cops and assumes the worst. he goes to the roof to be alone. when sarah jane joins him there, he finally admits he loves her. she urges him to flee, but he refuses to run away. though he can easily incriminate tommy, chips decides to confess to the murder, allowing the young lovers to make a clean beginning.
corpus document1849
it's a date
the movie begins with georgia drake (kay francis) performing on the stage, singing "gypsy lullaby" while her daughter, pamela (deanna durbin), watches with her boyfriend freddie miller (lewis howard). georgia is an older broadway actress who was once very famous. her daughter, pam, also has great acting skills and hopes to be a successful actress as well. at an after-party celebrating the closing of a play that georgia was in, pamela convinces director sidney simpson (samuel s. hinds) and writer carl ober (s.z. sakall) to attend one of the plays she is in. after the party ends, pamela sings "love is all" with the maid, sara (cecilia loftus), playing piano and her mother listening. sidney and carl go to connecticut and decide to try out the second act of their new play, st. anne. they put pamela in the role of st. anne. in the performance of the second act, pamela sings, "loch lomond." (this is a particularly acclaimed version of that folk song.[citation needed]) the directors are impressed with pamela's performance and offer her the role of st. anne in their upcoming play. pamela is very excited, but does not know she is taking over a role which they had originally offered to her mother. georgia is unaware of what has happened, as she is in honolulu to prepare herself. pamela travels to hawaii to ask her mother to coach her. on her journey, she is noticed by pineapple king john arlen (walter pidgeon). noticing her practicing the play, he thinks that she is a troubled girl who just got jilted by her love, and sets out to distract her by posing as a stowaway. eventually they figure out the truth about each other, and become friends. soon after pamela arrives in honolulu, she learns she is replacing her mother in the role of st. anne. not wanting to hurt her, she decides to give the role up. in order to keep georgia from the truth she asks john to take the two of them to dinner in order to avoid a call from sidney that would reveal the truth to georgia. the three of them go out to many dinners and spend time together. pamela becomes determined that she will quit acting and she wants to marry john. meanwhile, john has fallen in love with georgia. at a ball, he tries to avoid pamela, who wants to propose to him. he knows her intentions and wants to propose to georgia before pamela gets the chance. he gets her to sing for everyone at the ball. pamela sings, "quando me n'vo - when i go along," from "la bohème". after she finishes the song while the crowd is around her, john takes georgia outside and proposes to her. georgia decides that she will marry him, and then she tells the producers that she will not be performing st. anne, for she wants a real honeymoon. pamela is initially crushed, but she was not really in love with john. pamela devotes herself to her role, with the help of her mother, and becomes the star of st. anne. the movie ends with pam portraying st. anne, singing "ave maria (schubert), as john and georgia watch from the audience.
corpus document1850
i was an adventuress
countess tanya vronsky acts as bait for notorious jewel thief andre desormeaux and his assistant, polo, on their tour through europe. everything goes according to plan until tanya falls in love with their next target, paul vernay. still, the gang manages to victimize paul. after the heist, tanya announces that she is retiring and goes on to marry paul. desormeaux tries to convince her to change her mind, but in vain. they meet again months later in paris, and desormeaux makes another attempt at persuading the countess to work with them again. in order to get rid of them for good, she pretends to go along with their plans, but instead sets them up to be caught. however, her plan is thwarted, and her two accomplices come to her home during a party and pretend to be guests. they manage to steal the guests' jewels and escape. before they leave, desormeaux blackmails tanya, threatening to tell paul about her past if he does not get 200,000 francs. the theft is soon discovered, and paul and tanya go after the thieves in their car. on the way, paul learns about tanya's background and forgives her. while they are away, polo returns to their house in a sudden change of heart, and gives back the jewels. meanwhile, desormeaux is boarding a ship to america. paul and tanya come back and discover that the jewels have been returned. they forgive polo. tanya entertains her guests at the vernay mansion by performing a dance from the ballet swan lake. polo then boards the ship, pretending to still have the jewels in a briefcase. he then "accidentally" drops the suitcase in the water.
corpus document1851
johnny apollo
after his stockbroker father "pop" cain is sent to prison for embezzlement of funds, bob cain, jr., after having a falling out with his father, quits college to look for a job, but is unable to find one due to his father's notoriety. when he uses an alias, he finds works, but is then fired because of doing so. later, gangster mickey dwyer, sentenced on the same day as pop, is granted parole. bob, disgusted with his father's lawyer, goes to see dwyer's attorney, an old former judge named emmett t. brennan, but he is not there, yet. bob, calling himself johnny, meets the gangster's girlfriend, lucky dubarry, outside brennan's office and they talk. she is immediately attracted to him. brennan arrives. lucky pretends she knows bob, and he, not wanting to disclose his identify at all, when asked by brennan tells them both his full name is johnny apollo, taking the surname from the neon sign marquee on the dance-club he sees across the street through an open window. lucky leaves, and bob inquires of brennan how to get pop paroled. with money, he is told. dwyer arrives and asks about johnny. brennan 'vouches' for him. dwyer, not wanting to be anywhere near police, asks bob to go bail out one of his crew, offering a hundred dollars to bob. bob accepts the task. soon, dwyer offers apollo employment, working for him. apollo decides to work for dwyer to raise the dough he needs. they commit various criminal acts (not shown). after accumulating much money, bob visits his father in prison. they reconcile, and bob talks of a forthcoming parole, so pop is happy. but after he leaves, his father discovers from a guard that his son, 'johnny apollo', is now a criminal, and a disgusted pop cain wants nothing to do with him. brennan attempts to make a deal for dwyer, offering the district attorney evidence on all of his crew, if all pending charges against dwyer are dropped. the d.a. does not accept, but counteroffers: he will drop all pending charges against apollo, in exchange for evidence on dwyer. brennan accepts, knowing apollo is essentially a good man, and that lucky is in love with him. he hands over damning evidence on dwyer. in retaliation, dwyer murders brennan. bob alibis dwyer, and both he and dwyer are sent to prison, using brennan's evidence, the d.a. ignoring the deal he had with brennan, due to bob's recalcitrant attitude. a jailbreak is set in motion, but lucky is able to sneak word of it to pop, who prevents his son from getting involved. an angry dwyer shoots pop and knocks out bob, but is then killed by guards. bob is blamed and faces a longer sentence, perhaps even execution. pop recovers, however, and alibis his son. bob's future looks brighter, particularly with lucky on the outside, waiting for him.
corpus document1852
king of the royal mounted
in world war ii, the nazis require a special mineral, compound x, discovered in canada. although intended to cure paralysis, the nazis have discovered that it can be used in magnetic mines to destroy the british fleet and blockade america to prevent it assisting the allies. the mounties discover this plot and work to defeat and capture the nazi spies sent to obtain the ore. sgt king's father is killed in the line of duty, saving his son from death on a circular saw, and leaving him to carry on the fight against the enemy. the plot was described as "pure and simple propaganda" by william witney.[2]
corpus document1853
kitty foyle
kitty foyle (ginger rogers), a saleswoman in a new york boutique working for delphine detaille (odette myrtil), faces a life-changing decision: marry doctor mark eisen (james craig) or run away to south america with the man she has loved for many years, the already-married wyn strafford (dennis morgan). as she wrestles with her decision, the film flashes back to her youth in philadelphia. as a teenager, kitty gawks at the city's elite "main liners" in a parade that precedes their annual assembly ball. her father (ernest cossart) warns against getting carried away with her fantasies. ironically, kitty meets the embodiment of her dreams in an acquaintance of his: wynnewood strafford vi. wyn offers her a secretarial job at his fledgling magazine. the two fall deeply in love, but when the magazine folds, he does not have the will to defy his social class's strictures by proposing to a woman so far below him socially. with the death of her father and no prospect of marriage with wyn, kitty goes to work in new york for delphine. one day, she presses the burglar alarm button by mistake at delphine's fashion store. she pretends to faint to cover her blunder and is attended to by mark. mark, aware she is faking it, playfully blackmails her into a first date. wyn finally breaks down and finds kitty in new york. the two wed, but agree that the only way their marriage can work is if they do not live in philadelphia. when he introduces her to his family, she gets a chilly reception. she also learns that wyn would be disinherited and left penniless if he does not remain in philadelphia and work in the family banking business. she realizes, though wyn is willing to try, he is not strong enough to deal with poverty. she walks out and they are divorced. kitty returns to new york, where she learns that she is pregnant. when wyn arranges to meet her, her hopes for a reconciliation are raised, only to be dashed when she sees a newspaper announcement of wyn's engagement to someone of his own social standing. she leaves without seeing him and receives a further blow when the baby dies at birth. several years later, kitty reluctantly agrees to open a philadelphia branch store for her friend delphine. by chance, she waits on wyn's wife and meets their son. she takes the opportunity to entrust the secret return of a family heirloom ring to the boy. the film returns to the beginning. she decides to marry mark.
corpus document1854
knock knock
the cartoon ostensibly stars andy panda (voice of sara berner) and his father, papa panda (voice of mel blanc), but it is woody (voice of blanc) who steals the show. woody woodpecker constantly pesters the two pandas, apparently just for the fun of it. andy, meanwhile, tries to sprinkle salt on woody's tail in the belief that this will somehow capture the bird. to woody's surprise, andy's attempts prevail (comically, the mound of salt placed on woody's tail is so heavy that he cannot run away), and in an ending very similar to 1938's daffy duck & egghead, woody is taken away to the funny farm—where his captors prove to be crazier than he is.
corpus document1855
knute rockne, all american
lars knutson rockne, a carriage builder, moves his family from norway in 1892, settling in chicago. his son, knute, saves up his money and enrolls in college at the notre dame campus in south bend, indiana, where he plays football. rockne and teammate gus dorais star in notre dame's historic 35-13 upset over army at west point in 1913. the game was historically significant as notre dame employed the seldom-used forward pass to great effect. the publicity from the fighting irish's surprise win creates notre dame football fans around the country. after graduation, rockne marries sweetheart bonnie skiles and stays on at notre dame to teach chemistry, work in the chemistry lab under father nieuwland on synthetic rubber, and, in his spare time, serve as an assistant coach of the fighting irish football team under coach jess harper. an outstanding freshman halfback, george gipp, leads the irish to greater gridiron glory. gipp is stricken with a fatal illness after the final game of the 1920 season, however, and, on his death bed, encourages rockne at some future date to tell the team to go out and "win one for the gipper." notre dame continues its football success with a backfield of stars dubbed "the four horsemen." rockne, tragically, is killed in a 1931 plane crash on a trip to california, but his legend makes him a campus immortal.
corpus document1856
laddie
farmer son laddie stanton falls in love with the daughter of the man who just bought the land next door, pamela pryor. her father is a vicious old englishman, and isn't at all happy with the prospect of having laddie as a son-in-law. pamela tries to make laddie get another profession, to please her father and be able to continue their relation. laddie is very upset and regards pamela's plead as disrespectful. laddie's sister, sister, decides to help the. couple out. later, mr. pryor's dishonored son robert, arrives on a visit. the stanton family takes him in when his father doesn't, and sister starts scheming how to use this to their advantage. when she tells mr. pryor that his son is staying with them, the old man is furious and goes to visit the family. he learns that robert is ill and therefore was discharged from the british army. understanding that he was wrong about his son, mr. pryor forgives him and also warms to laddie. pamela then apologizes to laddie for trying to change him and they are reconciled.[4]
corpus document1857
the lady in question
while serving on a paris jury andre morestan (brian aherne) persuades his deadlocked peers to vote for the acquittal of natalie roguin (rita hayworth), a young woman on trial for the death of a young man she had been seeing. securing her exculpation, morestan invites her to live and work at his bicycle and music shop when no one else will give her a job. however, he decides to keep her true identity a secret, which soon begins to raise doubts within his family. his son (glenn ford) soon falls in love with her, even though he knows who she is. eventually, andre is persuaded by a fellow former juror that she was in fact guilty. he goes to the authorities, but learns from them that new evidence has turned up that completely exonerates her.
corpus document1858
lady with red hair
when caroline carter is divorced by her wealthy husband, she also loses custody of her son dudley in the proceedings. down on the ground she decides to win her fortune and son back. she leaves chicago for new york to become an actress and tries to get acquainted to the theatrical producer david belasco. belasco just wants to get rid of caroline and promises to write her a play to get her out of his office. he has no intention of giving her work, but when she ultimately confronts him on the matter several months afterwards, he tries to get her a part in a show. he succeeds, but the show is a failure, and instead caroline decides to marry an actor living at the same boardinghouse, lou payne. belasco tries to stop her from domesticating too soon, and take a part in another show instead. this show is a success on broadway and caroline eventually gets an opportunity to return to chicago to perform. however, her triumph is stained by the fact that she doesn't get to meet her son. caroline goes on to perform in both america and europe and in lack of a family she is consumed by her career. after some time she decides to go back to payne and marry him. belasco gets jealous and punishes her by not letting her work with him anymore. caroline pursues a career on her own, but her ambitions are thwarted by a series of unsuccessful shows. payne eventually convinces belasco to start working with caroline again, and the duo reconciles.[2]
corpus document1859
the letter
on a moonlit, tropical night, the native workers are asleep in their outdoor barracks. a shot is heard; the door of a house opens and a man stumbles out of it, followed by a woman who calmly shoots him several more times, the last few while standing over his body. the woman is leslie crosbie, the wife of a british rubber plantation manager in malaya; the man whom she shot is recognized by her manservant as geoff hammond, a well-regarded member of the european community. leslie tells the servant to send for her husband robert, who is working at one of the plantations. her husband returns, having summoned his attorney and a british police inspector. leslie tells them that geoff hammond "tried to make love to me" and that she killed him to save her honor. leslie is placed under arrest and put in jail in singapore to await trial for murder; that she killed a man makes such a trial inevitable, but her eventual acquittal seems a foregone conclusion, as the white community accepts her story and believes she acted heroically. only her attorney, howard joyce, is rather suspicious. howard's suspicions seem justified when his clerk, ong chi seng, shows him a copy of a letter leslie wrote to hammond the day she killed him, telling him that her husband would be away that evening, and pleading with him to come—implicitly threatening him if he did not come. ong chi seng tells howard that the original letter is in the possession of hammond's widow, a eurasian woman who lives in the chinese quarter of town. the letter is for sale, and ong himself, whom howard had believed to be impeccable, stands to receive a substantial cut of the price. howard then confronts leslie with the damning evidence and she breaks down and confesses to having written it, though she stands by her claim of having killed hammond in self-defence. yet leslie cleverly manipulates the attorney into agreeing to buy back the letter, even though in doing so he will risk his own freedom and career. because the couple's bank account is in robert's name, howard obtains robert's consent to buy the letter, but he does so deceitfully, lying about and trivializing its content, leaving out the true circumstances, and giving the man no idea that the price is equivalent to almost all the money he has in the bank. robert, depicted as a decent man thoroughly in love with leslie and somewhat gullible, is readily persuaded. hammond's widow demands that leslie come personally to hand over the $10,000 for the letter (she has been released into her attorney's custody) and requires leslie to debase herself by picking up the letter at the widow's feet. with the letter suppressed, leslie is easily acquitted. during a celebration after the trial robert announces that he plans to draw his savings out of his account in order to buy a rubber plantation in sumatra. howard and leslie are forced to tell him that his savings are gone, that the impact of the letter would have hanged leslie and its price was accordingly high. after demanding to see the letter, robert is devastated to learn from leslie that hammond was her lover for years and that she killed him out of jealousy. at a party celebrating leslie's acquittal, robert tells friends of his plans to buy the plantation. leslie, overhearing him, leaves the party, and robert breaks down. leslie goes to her room, tries to take up her lacemaking but cannot. she sobs. stepping onto the balcony, she sees a knife laid on the matting. she withdraws, shocked. robert comes into the room and offers to forgive her if she can swear that she loves him. leslie at first agrees and tells him she loves him, and that she will do all in her power to make him happy. when he kisses her, she cries "no!" and then breaks down and confesses, "with all my heart, i still love the man i killed!" robert rushes from the room. leslie looks out at the patio mat, and the knife is gone. she knows that hammond's widow had planted it there, and then has taken it away. she knows the woman waits for her--to kill her, and she realizes this is her fate. she walks out, amid the gardens and, finally, encounters the woman who glares at her fiercely. the man who accompanies her grabs leslie and stuffs a cloth in her mouth to silence her, and then the woman pulls the knife from her garments and stabs leslie, who falls to the ground. as the two murderers attempt to silently slip out, they are confronted by a policeman. the clouds blot out the moonlight and darken the area where leslie was killed; then the clouds open and the moon's rays shine where her body lies, but no one is there to see it.
corpus document1860
the light that failed
in 1865, youngster dick heldar is briefly blinded when his girlfriend maisie accidentally fires his pistol too close to his head. she later tells him that her guardians are sending her away somewhere to be educated, but she agrees when he says she belongs to him "forever and ever". years later, dick (ronald colman) is a british soldier in the sudan. when the natives attack suddenly, he saves the life of his friend, war correspondent "torp" torpenhow (walter huston), but receives a wound to the head as a result. he turns to painting to try to make a living. when his works start to sell, he returns to england. his realistic paintings of scenes from the war in the sudan become immensely popular with the critics and the public. in london, he moves in with torp and is reunited with a grown-up maisie (muriel angelus), a painter like himself, though not as successful. liking the financial rewards, dick is persuaded to sanitize his gritty realism to make his works more attractive to the masses. torp and fellow war correspondent "the nilghai" (dudley digges) try to warn him about it, but he pays no heed; he becomes complacent and lazy. maisie decides to move away and stop seeing him. one night, dick returns to his lodgings to find a young, bedraggled woman (ida lupino) lying on his sofa. torp explains that she fainted from hunger outside, so he brought her in (and fed her dick's dinner). she bitterly gives her name as bessie "broke". dick becomes fascinated; she is the ideal model for "melancholia", a painting that maisie had struggled to complete. he hires her to pose for him. when his vision starts to blur, he goes to see a doctor (halliwell hobbes), who gives him a grim prognosis: as a result of his old war injury, he will go blind, in a year if he avoids strain, "not very long" if he does not. before he completely loses his sight, dick resolves to paint his masterpiece, "melancholia". he drinks heavily, and drives bessie to hysteria to get just the right expression. when torp returns from his latest assignment, dick tells him about his blindness and shows him the painting. while dick sleeps, however, bessie sneaks in and destroys it, unaware of his ailment. when he wakes up, he is blind. torp sees to it he does not learn of bessie's act and sends for maisie. when dick shows her his masterpiece, she cannot bring herself to tell him it is ruined. she leaves. one day, while he is out on a walk, his servant (ernest cossart) recognizes bessie. dick invites her to his home. he shows her the balance in his bank book, proposes she take care of him, and kisses her. realizing he will learn the truth at some point, she then confesses what she has done. once the news sinks in, he changes his plans. dick travels back to the sudan, where he puts on his old uniform and hires a guide to take him to join torp. they ride in on horseback in the midst of a battle. sensing that the british cavalry is about to deploy, dick gets torp to direct him into the midst of the charge, where he is shot and killed by a native.
corpus document1861
lillian russell
helen leonard (faye) has a beautiful voice. as she grows up, she trains to become an opera singer. her instructor, however, informs her that her voice is pleasing, but not suitable for grand opera. returning home one day, she and her grandmother (westley) are saved by a handsome young man, newspaperman alexander moore (fonda). meanwhile, helen's mother, cynthia (peterson), has political aspirations, but only receives a handful of votes for mayor. while singing one evening, helen is overheard by vaudeville impresario tony pastor (carrillo), who hires her to sing at his theater. she is given a new name, lillian russell, and quickly rises to fame as the toast of new york. as the years pass, lillian becomes one of the most revered stars in america. she has many suitors, including financier diamond jim brady (arnold), jesse lewisohn (william), and composer edward solomon (ameche). she eventually marries edward and they move to london, where gilbert and sullivan are writing an operetta especially for her. alexander moore returns and makes a contract with lillian to write stories about her rise to fame. but tragedy soon strikes when edward dies one evening while composing a song for her. lillian cancels the interviews and makes an appearance in the show, singing the song her husband composed for her, "blue lovebird." lillian returns to america and is, by this time, the greatest stage attraction of the century. alexander comes to see lillian after a new show and the two are happily reunited.
corpus document1862
little men
jo march (kay francis), the lead character in alcott's novel little women, now runs a private school for young boys.
corpus document1863
little nellie kelly
in ireland, jerry kelly (george murphy) marries his sweetheart, nellie noonan (judy garland) over the objections of her ne'er-do-well father, michael noonan (charles winninger), who swears never to speak to jerry again, even though he reluctantly accompanies the newlyweds to america, where jerry becomes a policeman, and all three become citizens. michael continues to hold his grudge against jerry, even when nellie dies while giving birth to little nellie. years later, jerry is now a captain on the police force, and little nellie (also played by judy garland) has grown up as the spitting image of her mother. when nellie becomes enamored of dennis fogarty (douglas mcphail), the son of michael's old friend timothy fogarty (arthur shields), the squabbling between nellie's father and grandfather intensifies, as michael objects to the romance, and finally leaves home because of it. eventually, the three generations are reconciled, and nellie and dennis remain a couple.[3][4][5]
corpus document1864
little old new york
engineer and inventor robert fulton (richard greene) comes to new york city in 1807, where he meets tavern and inn keeper pat o'day (alice faye). o'day comes to strongly believe in fulton and his dream after he lodges at her establishment. he pursues the investment capital he needs to build his visionary steam-powered ship. o'day's longtime suitor, charles browne (fred macmurray), opens his own shipyard to assist the dapper engineer in building his steamboat after fulton receives initial financial investment from chancellor robert l. livingstone (henry stephenson). additional funds are raised by o'day' from her business acquaintances. fulton eventually acquires the remaining funds needed to complete his revolutionary paddle steamer. after a shipwright named regan (ward bond) has a run-in with fulton, regan attempts to turn every local deck hand and sail-powered passenger boat operator against the engineer, exploiting their fear of losing their livelihoods to a steam-powered vessel. in the end, despite adversity, bad luck, and additional interference from regan, fulton is able to complete the steamboat, now named clermont, at charles brown's shipyard. she is successfully launched on her first voyage, silencing the local critics and doubters who had previously labeled the venture "fulton's folly".
corpus document1865
the lone wolf meets a lady
a reformed jewel thief tries to clear a society beauty of murder charges.[2]
corpus document1866
the long voyage home
the film tells the story of the crew aboard a british tramp steamer named the ss glencairn on the long voyage home from the west indies to baltimore and then to england. the crew is a motley, fun-loving, hard-drinking lot. among them is their consensus leader, a middle-aged irishman named driscoll ("drisk") (thomas mitchell), a young swedish ex-farmer ole olsen (john wayne), a spiteful steward nicknamed cocky (barry fitzgerald), a brooding lord jim-like englishman smitty (ian hunter), and a burly, thoroughly dependable bruiser davis (joseph sawyer), among others. the film opens on a sultry night in a port in the west indies where the crew have been confined to their ship by order of the captain, yet they yearn as ever for an opportunity to drink and have fun with the ladies. drisk has arranged to import a boat-load of local ladies, who along with baskets of fruit, have agreed to smuggle bottles of rum on board where, with the acquiescence of the captain, the crew carouse until a minor drunken brawl breaks out and the ladies are ordered off the ship and denied any of their promised compensation. the next day the ship sails to pick up its cargo for its return trip to england. when the crew discovers that the cargo is high explosives, they at first rebel and grumble among themselves that they won't crew the ship if it is carrying such a cargo. but they are easily cowed into submission by the captain and the ship sails, crossing the atlantic and passing through what they all know is a war zone and potential disaster. after the ship leaves baltimore with its load of dynamite, the rough seas they encounter become nerve-racking to the crew. when the anchor breaks loose, yank (ward bond) is injured in the effort to secure it. with no doctor on board, nothing can be done for his injury, and he dies. they're also concerned that smitty might be a german spy because he's so aloof and secretive. after they assault smitty and restrain and gag him, they force him to give up the key to a small metal box they have found in his bunk which they at first think is a bomb. opening the box against smitty's vigorous protests, they discover a packet of letters. when drisk reads a few, it becomes clear that they are letters from smitty's wife revealing the fact that smitty has been an alcoholic, disgraced and perhaps dishonorably discharged from his service with the british navy, and that he is now too ashamed to show himself before his family even though his wife urges him to come home. in the war zone as they near port, a german plane attacks the ship, killing smitty in a burst of machine gun fire. reaching england without further incident, the rest of the crew members decide not to sign on for another voyage on the glencairn and go ashore, determined to help ole return to his family in sweden, whom he has not seen in ten years. in spite of their determination to help the simple, gullible ole get on his ship for stockholm, the crew is incapable of passing up the opportunity for a good time drinking and dancing in a seedy bar to which they have been lured by an agent for ships in port looking for crew members. he has his eye on ole because he is the biggest and strongest of the lot. he drugs ole's drink, and calls his confederates in to shanghai ole aboard another ship, the amindra. driscoll and the rest of the crew, even though drunk and almost too late, rescue ole from the amindra, but driscoll is clubbed and left on board as the crew makes its escape with ole. the next morning, the crew straggles back somewhat dejectedly and resignedly to the glencairn to sign on for another voyage. a newspaper headline reveals that the amindra has been sunk in the channel by german torpedoes, killing all on board.
corpus document1867
love thy neighbor
on new year's eve 1940, two famous radio speakers with competing comedy shows, jack benny and fred allen (played by themselves), get into a real fix because of the reigning feud between them. when fred crashes jack's car, they both end up in jail for reckless driving. because of the severity of the crash and the recklessness of the two men, fred's niece mary truly believes he has gone completely insane. to attempt to end the conflict once and for all, she visits jack's office. however, while she is there it turns out a radio theatre actress, virginia astor, doesn't turn up for her audition, and mary, who has always wanted to be on the radio, pretends she is virginia and attends the audition in her place. she is good enough to get the lead role in a radio show, and has to go to miami for the opening. since fred is also in miami to rest up before his premiere for the season, a series of unfortunate events follow as the feud between the two men escalades. a boat chase ends in both men being knocked unconscious. mary tries to end their fight by saying one of them saved the other after the accident, but it doesn't take long before they are at each other's throats again. when fred finds out who mary really is, he fires her on the spot. he then tries to purchase stocks in jack's show from one of jack's former employees, rochester, and lures his way into controlling jack's show by making a deal with the producer. mary tries to prevent this by buying the share back from another owner, but since fred is her legal guardian, she can't control her own money until she marries. because jack and mary are in love, they decide to marry and try to save jack's radio show. fred intercepts their plans and puts the real virginia in jack's shower at the broadcasting studio, making mary believe jack is having an affair with the actress. jack finds proof of fred's hoax and explains everything to mary. years later, mary is out walking in the park with her twins, who look exactly like fred and jack. she meets another woman who used to be jack's girlfriend, walking with a boy looking exactly like rochester.[2]
corpus document1868
lucky cisco kid
a gang of outlaws, led by judge mcquade (william robertson), are committing crimes and blaming it on the cisco kid (cesar romero), in mcquade's attempt to drive the settlers off the land and buy it himself. the cisco kid and gordito (chris-pin martin) eventually stop the scheme, and the kid falls in love with widow emily lawrence (evelyn venable).
corpus document1869
lucky partners
portrait painter and caricaturist david grant (ronald colman), newly arrived in greenwich village, wishes jean newton (ginger rogers) good luck on a whim as they pass on the sidewalk. when jean delivers books, a woman makes her the gift of an expensive dress. she is quarreling with her son-in-law, who had given the dress to his wife. believing david to be lucky, jean asks him to partner with her on a ticket for the irish sweepstakes. he agrees only on condition that, if their horse wins, she accompany him on a platonic trip to see the sights before she settles down to married life in poughkeepsie, new york. she and her fiance, frederick "freddie" harper (jack carson), are dubious about the proposition, but he talks them into it. when their $2.50 ticket is one of the few that draw a horse, its value shoots up. freddie wants to sell it, but the other two decide to try for the jackpot. their horse does not even place, but freddie informs jean afterward that he sold their half for $6000. outraged at his duplicity, she offers half the money to david. he only accepts provided she keep their bargain. once again, he gets her to go against her better judgment. they drive to niagara falls in a new car david has bought in jean's name. freddie, suspicious of david's intentions, follows them there. even though he finds they have separate (though adjoining) hotel rooms and have registered as brother and sister, freddie is not appeased. meanwhile, when david and jean go dancing, they attract the attention of the sylvesters, an older couple celebrating their 50th anniversary. they persuade the couple to accompany them to their favorite spot, making david pick jean up and carry her across a footbridge. on the other side, david kisses jean. later, realizing things have gone far beyond what he had intended, david checks out and drives off in the car. he is stopped by a policeman and, when he admits the car is not his, taken to jail. jean becomes furious when she realizes he has gone. then, she and freddie are also picked up by the police. they are brought before a judge (harry davenport), and david is forced to admit under oath that he is really paul knight somerset, a celebrated painter who disappeared three years ago after being imprisoned for drawing what was then deemed indecent illustrations for a book (now considered a classic). the court reporters seize upon the story, and the courtroom is packed with the elite of society. both jean and david act as their own counsels. by questioning himself on the witness stand, david reveals he is genuinely in love with jean, and the two are reconciled.
corpus document1870
maisie was a lady
when wealthy drunkard bob rawlston (lew ayres) causes maisie to lose her carnival sideshow job as the headless woman, he offers her the use of his car to get to town. she is stopped and arrested by a motorcycle policeman who recognizes the automobile. when maisie tells her story to the judge, bob remembers enough despite a hangover to admit that he probably did lend her the car. the judge orders bob to hire her for two months at $25 a week, the terms of her previous employment. she refuses to accept money for nothing, but offers to work as a maid at the rawlston family mansion. bob hands her over to the head butler (c. aubrey smith), who has worked for the family for 30 years. one of the guests, link phillips (edward ashley), makes a pass at her the next morning, but she disdainfully rejects him. the other guests ridicule her for her lack of refinement. bob's sister, abby (maureen o'sullivan), apologizes for her friends' rudeness and takes maisie as her personal maid. maisie learns that bob and abby's father "cap" (paul cavanagh) has been away frequently. when cap sends word that he will be unable to attend the announcement of his daughter's engagement, abby is deeply disappointed. maisie becomes distressed when she learns that link is abby's fiancé. diana webley (joan perry), link's jilted girlfriend and abby's former friend, arrives determined to avenge herself. abby is devastated when she discovers that link is only marrying her for her wealth, and that all her friends knew about it and secretly were laughing at her. she tries to commit suicide. the doctors have little hope because abby has lost her will to live. when cap arrives, maisie severely criticizes him for neglecting his children, explaining that abby sought from link the love and support she did not get from her father, and that bob has become a drunk. seeing the error of his ways, cap reconciles with abby. he announces that the whole family will take a vacation together once abby has recovered. maisie and bob have fallen in love. she considers the possibility, but decides that the social gulf between them is too great. she leaves and joins a vaudeville show. bob tracks her down, overcomes her resistance, and embraces her.
corpus document1871
the man i married
a successful american woman, art critic carol cabbott (joan bennett) is married to german eric hoffman (francis lederer). they have a seven-year-old son, ricky (johnny russell). they travel to germany to visit eric's father, whom he has not seen for ten years, although everybody tells them that going to germany is foolish. a friend, dr. hugo gerhardt (ludwig stössel), asks them to deliver money to, and somehow help his brother, the famous philosopher gerhardt, who has been arrested and imprisoned in a concentration camp. when the hoffmans reach berlin, they are met at the station not by eric's father but by his old schoolmate frieda (anna sten). his father, an elderly director and owner of a factory, tells them he wants to sell everything and leave berlin, as he can no longer stand the hostile atmosphere. even his butler is a nazi, and frieda is always around. an active enthusiastic nazi, frieda drags eric to nazi gatherings until finally he does not want to return to america, but wants to keep the factory and remain in germany. his wife carol, however, feels uneasy about staying there, and as time passes she recognizes her husband less and less. while he goes to nazi gatherings, she tries to find out something about gerhardt, with the help of kenneth delane (lloyd nolan), a foreign correspondent in berlin, who has a prophetic understanding of the demise of nazi germany. they find out gerhardt has been killed, so she gives the money to his widow. they witness scenes of deliberate cruel denigration of people by nazis. eric tells carol that he wants to marry frieda, who has put all sorts of things in his mind. carol reluctantly agrees, but they quarrel over custody of their son. finally eric's father warns his son that if he does not let the son return with his mother to the united states, he will go to the police and tell them that eric's mother was a jewess. eric is devastated, and frieda leaves him, disgusted. carol and ricky leave for new york. delane, who had hoped to get a leave to go back home, takes them to the station and tells carol he has to stay "for the duration".
corpus document1872
the marines fly high
in 1940, the central american cocoa plantation owned by american joan grant (lucille ball) needs protection from bandits led by el vengador (john eldredge). she asks the marines stationed nearby under the command of colonel hill (paul harvey) for help. lieutenants danny darrick (richard dix) and jim malone (chester morris) fly a mission to seek out the outlaws. although they have orders to protect her, both men vie for joan's affection. john henderson, the plantation foreman, is really el vengador. he kidnaps joan and sets a trap for the marines he knows will try to rescue her. the two rivals eventually realize that to defeat the enemy, they will have to work together. when malone is heading for an ambush, derrick flies to his aid and rescues joan.
corpus document1873
the mark of zorro
don diego vega (tyrone power) is urgently called home by his father. to all outward appearances, he is the foppish son of wealthy ranchero and former alcade don alejandro vega (montagu love), having returned to california after his military education in spain. don diego is horrified at the way the common people are now mistreated by the corrupt alcalde, luis quintero (j. edward bromberg), who had forced his father from the position of alcalde. don diego adopts the guise of el zorro ("the fox"), a masked outlaw dressed entirely in black, who becomes the defender of the common people and a champion for justice. in the meantime he romances the alcalde's beautiful and innocent niece, lolita (linda darnell), whom he grows to love. as part of his plan, don diego simultaneously flirts with the alcalde's wife inez (gale sondergaard), filling her head with tales of madrid fashion and culture and raising her desire to move there with her corrupt husband, luis. in both his guises don diego must contend with the governor's ablest henchman, the malevolent captain esteban pasquale (basil rathbone). he eventually dispatches the captain in a fast-moving rapier duel-to-the-death, forcing a regime change; don diego's plan all along.
corpus document1874
marked men
bill carver (warren hull) is a man who was wrongfully sentenced to prison after being framed by gangster joe mallon (paul bryar). in prison he is involuntarily involved in a jailbreak, also arranged by mallon, who is also serving in the same facility. the attempt to break is a failure, and mallon and his men are soon caught by the police and put back behind bars—all except for bill, who gets away together with his dog wolf, and vanishes into the desert. out in the wild he meets dr. james prentiss harkness (john dilson) who lives there with his pretty daughter linda (isabel jewell). bill stays with the doctor, but then there is another jailbreak at the prison, this time a successful one. the escapees hold up a bank and make it look like bill was involved in the robbery. he has to clear his name of being part of the bank robbery, and the only way he can do this is by catching the real perpetrators, mallon and his men. he leaves his safe haven at the doctor's place and starts tracking the gang through the desert. soon he finds mallon and his men, who are lost in the desert and need bill's help to find the border and cross into mexico. he agrees to help them, seeing his chance of clearing his name, but the journey becomes a living hell for them all. because of the lack of water and the dangers in the desert at night, only bill, his dog and mallon remain when they come close to the border. bill forces the weak and starving gangster to sign a written confession. just as mallon finishes signing the document, dr. harkness and his daughter arrive rescue them. mallon desperately tries to kill bill, but bill is rescued by his dog. when his guilt is erased, bill can return to live in peace and quiet with the doctor and his daughter.[1]
corpus document1875
married and in love
a doctor, leslie yates, and a writer, doris wilding, once romantically involved, run into each other after a long time apart. both are now married to other people. leslie invites her out to dinner, along with their spouses. their affection for one another is rekindled. helen, tipsy after dinner, lets leslie know she can tell he's fondly remembering his former flame. leslie's guilt gets the better of him, helen having financed his way through medical school, but his heartstrings are pulling him in another direction. things come to a head when paul walks in on his wife and leslie sharing a kiss. although they are hesitant to continue with plans for the four to again meet for dinner, they all do. during the course of events, everyone realizes he or she is wed to the right person after all.
corpus document1876
maryland
after her husband dies, wealthy charlotte danfield sells off his entire stable of horses and forbids son lee to ride again. he remains close to trainer william stewart, though, and upon returning from europe where he has been sent to school, lee decides to ride william's horse cavalier in the maryland cup over his mother's objections.
corpus document1877
meet the wildcat
one day in mexico, magazine photographer ann larkin is in a museum when she happens to see a man steal a painting. pursuing and accusing him, she believes the man, brod williams, to be a notorious art thief known only as "the wildcat." brod brings the stolen painting to leon dumeray, a gallery owner. dumeray recognizes it as stolen property and notifies the police, who place brod under arrest. ann comes to visit brod in jail, but after complying with his request to bring him a pineapple from a local fruit stand, she is shocked to find a gun has been hidden inside it. brod makes a daring escape, forcing ann to switch clothing with him and fleeing the jail dressed as a woman. law authorities later congratulate brod on his scheme. he is actually a police detective from new york city who is trying to smoke out dumeray, who is the real wildcat. he is offered a job by dumeray, who now trusts brod to be a dishonest man. ann, however, doesn't know dumeray is the thief and tips him off to brod's true identity. dumeray takes both as his prisoners, but brod breaks free and calls for the police.
corpus document1878
melody and moonlight
kay barnett is a free spirit, much like her aunt adelaide, but such flamboyant behavior is disapproved of by kay's father, otis barnett. he much prefers her to become a proper young lady and marry the dull but well-to-do standish prescott. kay and her aunt go to a dance hall, where danny o'brien mistakenly believes she is there for a dance contest. he pulls her into it and they take second prize. danny also pays kay's bill when she takes a room at a hotel where he works as a busboy, rescuing her when she has no money. danny and kay decide to become a dance team but need a sponsor. they go to aunt adelaide's sweetheart, abner kelly, who agrees, but otis barnett gets wind of it, pressures abner and scuttles the deal, frustrating danny. ginger o'brien, his little sister, befriends kay and the family enjoys becoming acquainted with her, only to take umbrage when they discover otis is her father and she's not who she seemed to be. danny finds a new partner, but after otis has a change of heart, kay is rushed to the stage to become danny's partner, then become his wife.
corpus document1879
melody ranch
gene autry (gene autry) returns to his hometown of torpedo as guest of honor at the frontier days celebration, where he meets his childhood enemies, the wildhack brothers—mark (barton maclane), jasper (joe sawyer), and bud (horace mcmahon)—who are now local gangsters. the wildhacks own a saloon next door to the school, and when their shooting and brawling endangers the safety of the children, gene protests and threatens to expose them during his next radio broadcast. the wildhacks stop the broadcast and beat gene up. realizing that hollywood life has softened him to the extent that he can't hold his own against three assailants, gene decides to remain in torpedo and get into shape again. he is encouraged by his friend cornelius j. "corney" courtney (jimmy durante) and pop laramie (george "gabby" hayes). refusing to return to hollywood, gene now broadcasts his radio shows from torpedo. julie sheldon (ann miller), a debutante with theatrical aspirations, sees gene in his natural setting and begins to take an interest in the cowboy she formerly scorned. meanwhile, gene rounds up the wildhacks and fights them single-handed, forcing them to sing on his broadcast. when the brothers become determined to get revenge, gene runs for sheriff so he will be in position to clean up the wildhack political machine for good, and also make use of the "vote for autry" song. during the battles that ensue, one of gene's friends is killed. gene discovers evidence that identifies the wildhacks as the killers.[3]
corpus document1880
the milky way
three kittens, denied milk as punishment for losing their mittens, sail up into the milky way in a hot air balloon. once in the milky way, they find it a land of natural milk springs and gushers. the kittens proceed to happily gorge themselves on milk. however, it turns out to be just a dream.
corpus document1881
millionaire playboy
joe zany (joe penner) a hapless young socialite attempts to overcome an embarrassing romantic problem. it seems every time he kisses a girl, he gets a horrible case of hiccups. anxious to cure him, his father spends a small fortune to take his son to a special psychologist who in turn sends joe to a beautiful spa, owned by lois marlowe (linda hayes), filled with gorgeous young women.[2]
corpus document1882
millionaires in prison
nick burton is a convict who wields considerable influence among others behind bars. he befriends the prison doctor, bill collins, who is seeking a cure for a deadly virus and needs guinea pigs for his experimental drugs. a wealthy physician sentenced for reckless driving, harry lindsay, is persuaded to be of help. burton looks up two other rich inmates, bruce vander and harold kellogg, jailed for income tax evasion. they scheme to raise money for collins' medical experiments. a pair of millionaire con men, james brent and sidney keats, attempt a stock swindle even while behind bars, but burton takes it upon himself to thwart their plans. the experiments produce a miracle cure for the virus, whereupon burton and the doctor are both granted an early parole.
corpus document1883
misbehaving husbands
absent-minded department store owner henry butler (harry langdon), forgetting his wedding anniversary ends up working late and missing the surprise anniversary party thrown by his wife, effie, betty blythe. trying to get away from work, he ends up being seen with a mannequin, which he is trying to get repaired. a friend of his wife who sees it, think it’s a blonde girl henry is having an affair with. others call the police, reporting a murdered woman. henry gets picked up by the police and kept for interrogation until the wee hours of the morning; but his troubles are just starting. effie has overheard the gossip spread amongst her party guests; and seeing henry come home with one of the mannequin's shoes and blonde hair on his clothes fears the worst. she is urged on by her friend, grace norman (esther muir) and an unscrupulous lawyer, gilbert wayne (gayne whitman) to file for a divorce. henry and effie both have their own lawyers who advise that since neither one will leave the family home they need witnesses that the couple are living apart to facilitate the divorce proceedings, and due to henry's alleged violent temper effie's lawyer also demands she have a bodyguard, a thug named gooch who stays at the home. when effie decides to stop the divorce, a little scene staged by the lawyer, with his girlfriend, nan, posing as the blonde henry was supposedly seeing, convinces her otherwise. it is only then that the live in witnesses, her niece jane luana walters and henry's friend bob grant, bob byrd notice that the shoe henry brought back that night is about a size four; too small for nan. jane also picks up that gooch and nan seem to recognise each other and trick gooch into calling nan where they overhear her location on an extension phone and get the truth out of her. a drunken henry drags the mannequin, carole (for carole lombard), all over town; only to meet the police, effie and her lawyer waiting for him at home.[2]
corpus document1884
the mortal storm
in 1933, freya roth (margaret sullavan) is a young german girl engaged to a nazi party member (robert young). when she realizes the true nature of his political views she breaks the engagement and turns her attention to anti-nazi martin breitner (james stewart). her father, professor roth (frank morgan), does not abide by the attitude of the new order towards scientific fact. though his stepsons erich (william t. orr) and otto (robert stack) eagerly embrace the regime, professor roth's reluctance to conform leads at first to a boycott of his classes and eventually to his arrest. he, a 60-year-old man, is imprisoned and forced to perform strenuous physical labor. his wife is permitted a five-minute visit in which the professor urges her to take freya and her younger brother and leave the country. he dies soon after. freya is kept from leaving by nazi officials suspicious of her father's work. she reunites with martin and together they attempt to escape through a mountain pass. a squad (reluctantly led by her former fiancee) gives chase and freya is fatally wounded, dying in martin's arms just after they cross the border. later, erich and otto are informed of their sister's death. erich responds with anger towards martin. otto, however, experiences an epiphany, and flees their once-happy home, rejecting the nazis and their cruel doctrine.
corpus document1885
mr. duck steps out
donald visits the house of his new love interest for their first known date. donald tried to woo her and hug her, but at first daisy acts shy and has her back turned to her visitor. but donald soon notices her tail feathers taking the form of a hand and signaling for him to come closer. but their time alone is soon interrupted by huey, dewey and louie who have just followed their uncle and clearly compete with him for the attention of daisy. donald and the nephews take turns dancing the jitterbug with her while trying to get rid of each other. in their final effort the three younger ducks feed their uncle maize in the process of becoming popcorn. the process is completed within donald himself who continues to move wildly around the house while maintaining the appearance of dancing. the short ends with an impressed daisy showering her new lover with kisses.
corpus document1886
the mummy's hand
the film begins with the egyptian andoheb (george zucco) traveling to the hill of the seven jackals in answer to the royal summons of the high priest of karnak (eduardo ciannelli). the dying priest of the sect explains the story of kharis (tom tyler) to his follower. the tale closely parallels that of the original film, except that kharis steals the sacred tana leaves in the hope of restoring life to the dead princess ananka. his penalty upon being discovered is to be buried alive, without a tongue, and the tana leaves are buried with him. the leaves are the secret to kharis' continued existence. during the cycle of the full moon, the fluid from the brew of three tana leaves is to be administered to the creature to keep him alive. should despoilers enter the tomb of the princess, a fluid of nine leaves will restore movement to the monster. meanwhile, down on his luck archaeologist steve banning (dick foran) and his sidekick, babe jenson (wallace ford), discover the remnants of a broken vase in a cairo bazaar. banning is convinced it is an authentic ancient egyptian relic, and his interpretation of the hieroglyphics on the piece lead him to believe it contains clues to the location of the princess ananka's tomb. with the support of the eminent dr. petrie (charles trowbridge) of the cairo museum, but against the wishes of andoheb, who is also employed by the museum, banning seeks funds for his expedition. banning and jenson meet an american magician, solvani (cecil kellaway), who agrees to fund their quest. his daughter marta (peggy moran) is not so easily swayed, thanks to a prior visit from andoheb, who brands the two young archeologists as frauds. the expedition departs in search of the hill of the seven jackals, with the solvanis tagging along. in their explorations, they stumble upon the tomb of kharis, finding the mummy along with the tana leaves, but find nothing to indicate the existence of ananka's tomb. andoheb appears to dr. petrie in the mummy's cave and has the surprised scientist feel the creature's pulse. after administering the tana brew from nine leaves, the monster quickly dispatches petrie and escapes with andoheb, through a secret passageway, to the temple on the other side of the mountain. the creature continues his periodic marauding about the camp, killing an egyptian overseer and eventually attacking solvani and kidnapping marta. banning and jenson set out to track kharis down, with jenson going around the mountain and banning attempting to follow the secret passage they have discovered inside the tomb. andoheb has plans of his own. enthralled by marta's beauty, he plans to inject himself and his captive with tana fluid, making them both immortal. jenson arrives in the nick of time, and guns down andoheb outside of the temple, while banning attempts to rescue the girl. however, kharis appears on the scene and banning's bullets have no effect on the immortal being. marta overheard adoheb tell the secret of the tana fluid and tells banning and jenson that kharis must not be allowed to drink any more of the serum. when the creature raises the tana serum to his lips, jenson shoots the container from his grasp. dropping to the floor, kharis attempts to ingest the spilled life-giving liquid. banning seizes the opportunity to overturn a brazier onto the monster, engulfing it in flames. the ending has the members of the expedition heading happily back to the united states with the mummy of ananka, and the spoils of her tomb.
corpus document1887
murder in the air
lieutenant "brass" bancroft of the u.s. treasury department secret service, foils fifth columnist bad guys from stealing/sabotaging a newly developed secret weapon called the "inertia projector," which consists of an airplane-mounted death-ray/laser gun... the prototypical celluloid incarnation of sdi; (strategic defense initiative) an governmental concept later to become known and actualized as: "star wars!"
corpus document1888
murder over new york
on a flight to new york for an annual police convention, chan encounters his old scotland yard friend, hugh drake (frederick worlock). drake is now a member of military intelligence trying to track down what he believes is a sabotage ring led by a paul narvo. a bomber and its pilots crashed the day before. chan offers his assistance. chan is welcomed at the airport by new york police inspector vance (donald mcbride) and, to chan's surprise, his number two son jimmy chan (sen yung). chan goes to see drake the next day at the apartment of george kirby (ricardo cortez), where a dinner party is in progress. he finds his friend dead of poison gas in drake's library, where he had gone to do some work. drake's briefcase, containing all the information he had gathered about the sabotage ring, is missing. the window is latched, so chan concludes one of the guests is responsible. chan discovers that drake asked that his oxford classmate herbert fenton (melville cooper), actress june preston and ralph percy, chief designer at the metropolitan aircraft corporation, be invited to the party. kirby himself is the company president. the lost bomber crashed at the company's plant. also present is stockbroker keith jeffery (john sutton). a servant (clarence muse) reports chemist david elliot (robert lowery) insisted on seeing drake, so he showed him in. chan learns that preston also spoke with drake that night, on behalf of a friend, patricia shaw (marjorie weaver). shaw, it turns out, married narvo in india. when she found out narvo was involved in sabotage, she fled, only to be pursed by her husband and his assistant, ramullah. ramullah is eventually tracked down, with shaw's help, and taken into custody. (during a police lineup of indians, shorty mccoy, aka "the canarsie kid", [shemp howard] is revealed to be a faker, not a fakir.) before ramullah can be questioned, however, he is shot and killed. shaw narrowly avoids the same fate. a coatroom attendant shows up and states drake checked his briefcase at the club where he works. chan and vance wait to see who will claim it. it is boggs, kirby's butler. he claims that kirby left him a note instructing him to get the briefcase. upon close inspection, chan concludes it is a forgery. he then discovers kirby's body. chan decides to gather all the suspects at the airport the next day. the airplane, rigged the night before to release poison gas when it dives, takes off for a test flight with nearly everyone aboard. as the bomber starts to descend, fenton grabs the falling glass globe containing the gas. when they land, he smashes the globe, gets out and locks the door. however, the police are waiting to apprehend him, and chan and the rest emerge unscathed (the trap had been found during an inspection and rendered harmless). fenton cannot be narvo, as the latter is known to be a younger man. he refuses to identify his leader. when chan asks for a glass of water for fenton, jeffrey gets it for him, falling into chan's trap. the detective samples the water and identifies the same poison that was found in kirby's brandy.
corpus document1889
my favorite wife
after seven years, lawyer nick arden (cary grant) has his wife ellen (irene dunne), missing since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry bianca (gail patrick). it turns out however that ellen was actually shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been rescued. when she returns home, she learns that nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife. when ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss as to how to break the news to bianca. he keeps putting off the unpleasant business. meanwhile, bianca becomes frustrated by nick's odd behavior (especially the non-consummation of their marriage) and calls in a psychiatrist, dr. kohlmar (pedro de cordoba). further complications ensue when an insurance adjuster (hugh o'connell) mentions to nick a rumor that ellen was not alone on the island, but had the company of a stephen burkett (randolph scott) and that they called each other "adam" and "eve". when nick confronts ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman (an uncredited chester clute) to pretend to be stephen, but nick has already tracked down the real, appallingly virile and handsome stephen (randolph scott). nick tries to explain the situation to bianca and dr. kohlmar, but they do not believe him ... until he is arrested on a charge of bigamy. in court, judge bryson (granville bates), the same judge who had ellen declared legally dead and also married nick and bianca, annuls the second marriage. by this time, ellen is no longer sure of nick's feelings for her. stephen asks her to marry him and return with him to the island, but she still loves nick. in the end, nick and ellen are reconciled.
corpus document1890
my little chickadee
in the american old west of the 1880s, miss flower belle lee (mae west), a singer from chicago, is on her way to visit relatives. while she is traveling on a stagecoach with three men and a woman named mrs. gideon (margaret hamilton), the town gossip and busybody, a masked bandit on horseback holds up the stage for its shipment of gold and orders the passengers to step out. the masked bandit immediately takes an interest in the saucy blonde. as he makes his getaway with the gold, he takes her with him. upon reaching the town of little bend, the others report the robbery and kidnapping to the sheriff (william b. davidson). flower belle then walks into town, unharmed, and explains, "i was in a tight spot but i managed to wiggle out of it." later that evening, at the home of her aunt lou (ruth donnelly) and uncle john (willard robertson), the masked bandit enters flower belle's second floor bedroom and they start kissing. however, his presence and departure is witnessed by mrs. gideon. she quickly reports what she has seen and flower belle angrily finds herself hauled up before the judge (addison richards). offended by her indifferent manner, the judge asks angrily "young lady, are you trying to show contempt for this court?" she answers: "no, i'm doing my best to hide it!" flower belle is then run out of little bend. she boards a train to greasewood city. it makes an unscheduled stop to pick up con-man cuthbert j. twillie (w. c. fields). when hostile indians attack, flower belle saunters to a window and mows them down with two pistols, while twillie dodges flying arrows and fights off the indians with a child's slingshot. flower belle has little use for twillie until she sees a stash of money in his bag. believing him to be rich, she then plays up to him and they get acquainted. they have an impromptu wedding, officiated over by a passenger, amos budge (donald meek), a gambler who looks like a minister. as she has only pretended to marry twillie for "respectability", flower belle gets a separate hotel room in greasewood city. meanwhile, twillie is made sheriff by the saloon owner and town boss jeff badger (joseph calleia), who has an ulterior motive: he hopes the new sheriff, who is clearly incompetent, will be unable to interfere with badger's crimes. flower belle attracts the attention of badger, newspaper editor wayne carter (dick foran), and every other man in town. while keeping her troublesome "husband" out of reach and out of trouble, flower belle encounters the masked bandit again. at one point, she kisses badger, and recognizes that badger is the masked bandit, musing: "that man's kiss is like a signature." twillie attempts to consummate his "marriage" with flower belle, but she escapes and leaves a goat in their bed. twillie, unaware of the substitution, attempts to make love to the goat, and is surprised when he discovers that it is, in fact, not flower belle. one night, twillie again attempts to consummate his "marriage" by entering flower belle's room disguised as the masked bandit. he is caught, accused of being the masked bandit, and is about to be hanged. with the noose around his neck, he makes his last request to the lynching party. "i'd like to see paris before i die. philadelphia will do!" however, flower belle saves twillie.
corpus document1891
my love came back
a beautiful young violinist named amelia cornell (olivia de havilland) is a student at the prestigious brissac academy of music in new york city. unable to support her mother on her meager scholarship stipend, she is forced to provide music lessons in her spare time—something strictly forbidden by the school and enforced zealously by the dean of the school, dr. kobbe (grant mitchell). frustrated by her financial constraints and at being treated like a child by the dean, amelia decides to leave the academy and join a jazz group led by her fellow student and swing bandleader dusty rhodes (eddie albert). meanwhile, after seeing amelia perform at a concert, a distinguished wealthy patron of the arts, julius malette (charles winninger), finally accepts the academy's offer to make him president of the school—an offer inspired by julius' wealth and influence. when he learns that amelia is planning to leave the academy for financial reasons, julius—who has a crush on the much younger violinist—secretly arranges for a second scholarship that will allow her to continue her studies. after amelia meets her patron, the kind and gentlemanly president sends her a phonograph player and records, and escorts her to concerts to broaden her musical experience. one evening, julius is unable to attend a concert with amelia and sends his young business manager, tony baldwin (jeffrey lynn), to the concert hall to explain his absence. in the coming days, tony and amelia begin to fall in love, but tony does not reveal his feelings, believing that amelia is his boss's mistress. the budding relationship between tony and amelia is further complicated when julius' brash son paul (william t. orr) discovers that tony has been mailing company checks to amelia, unaware that these "scholarship" checks were mailed at his father's request. when paul accuses tony of misappropriating company funds, tony protects his boss with his silence. later, paul sees his julius entering amelia's apartment, he believes that his father is being unfaithful to his mother. he apologizes to tony and thanks him for trying to shield his family from the sordid news. when paul tells tony that julius is with amelia, tony decides not to see amelia again, nor answer her calls. his distrust is reinforced when he learns that the checks sent to amelia have been cashed—he doesn't know that her friend dusty "borrowed" the money. soon after, julius and his wife organize a party and hire amelia's roommate, joy o'keefe (jane wyman), and her boyfriend, dusty rhodes, to provide an evening of innovative classical and swing music. at the party, amelia confesses everything to mrs. malette, and then plays swing violin with the band, shocking julius and her teacher. the music critic at the party, however, is impressed, which gives her new style legitimacy. when amelia learns that dusty "borrowed" her check, and how that must have looked to tony, she demands that dusty explain to tony what had been going on. afterwards, tony approaches amelia in the garden, apologizes for his suspicions, and kisses her passionately.
corpus document1892
mysterious doctor satan
governor bronson, who raised bob wayne from childhood after the death of his parents, is killed at the hands of a world-domination-seeking mad scientist called doctor satan. fearing his death might be at hand, as it has been for everyone else who had opposed the doctor, the governor first confides in wayne with a secret about his past. bob's father was really an outlaw in the old west, who fought injustice while wearing a chainmail cowl and leaving small coiled copper snakes as his calling card. following his guardian's death, wayne decides to adopt his father's copperhead persona and cowl. doctor satan, meanwhile, requires only a remote control device invented by professor scott to complete his army of killer robots and gain all the power and riches he desires. the copperhead battles doctor satan, rescuing the professor and others and preventing the doctor from completing his plot.
corpus document1893
mystery sea raider
a woman (carole landis) and a u.s. captain (henry wilcoxon) foil a german spy's (onslow stevens) plan to use their freighter to sink a british ship.
corpus document1894
new moon
during the 18th century in new orleans, louisiana, a french nobleman in disguise as a bondsman, charles (nelson eddy) leads his fellow bondsman in revolt against his ship's captain, commandeering the ship and heading out to sea.
corpus document1895
no census, no feeling
the stooges are caught sleeping in a closed awning situated over a store. a brief argument among the trio results in curly casually tossing a pot over his shoulder, breaking several dishes. the shopkeeper (max davidson) becomes irate, calls the police and chases the stooges for vandalizing his store, who quickly dash into a building’s revolving door. upon exiting the building, the stooges have clipboards in tow, having inadvertently landed jobs as census takers. the boys work their way into the home of a socialite (symona boniface) who is concerned with a lack of participants in her weekly bridge game. the stooges happily comply, and join the game. in the interim, curly begins to flirt with the socialite's maid, who is in the process of preparing a large bowl of punch. curly finds that the drink is “not sweet enough” so, and ends up adding alum salt to the mix, mistaking it for powdered sugar. within minutes, everyone is mumbling their words as their lips become puckered. afterwards, the stooges are still searching for people to interview for the census. they eventually come upon a nearby football game, and become thrilled as the prospect of speaking with everyone in the stadium. the trio don football players’ uniforms and bypass the guard in the guises of differing players and storm the field. they try asking questions to the players, who end up ignoring them, and curly finds an ice cream vendor and takes off after him, somehow hijacking his wagon. the stooges get pulled into the game and, after a few bouts of hardship, get an idea…if they would get the ball away from the players they would have no choice but to answer their questions. with that, larry and moe attach chains to the pants of two players and pull them off, distracting the players enough for curly to grab the ball and run away. but the players notice him and give chase. curly continues running like mad as larry pulls the ice cream wagon, carrying moe behind him. moe throws fistfuls of ice cream at the players and the referee who are chasing them, and the stooges run out of the stadium.
corpus document1896
north west mounted police
texas ranger dusty rivers (gary cooper) is sent to canada during the 1880s in pursuit of outlaw jacques corbeau (george bancroft), arriving in the midst of the riel rebellion. dusty meets nurse april logan (madeleine carroll) and quickly falls in love with her. however, she is already involved with canadian mountie sergeant jim britt (preston foster). dusty and april have become involved with one another, which becomes evident to jim, to whom april wishes to remain loyal. meanwhile, april's brother, ronnie logan (robert preston), who also is a mountie, is in love with corbeau's daughter, louvette (paulette goddard). louvette loves ronnie intensely and is determined to protect ronnie in the coming fight at all costs, using ronnie's feelings for her father's benefit at times. corbeau is eventually tracked down to his hideout. when the showdown between dusty, the mounties, and the supporters of corbeau finally arrives, louvette tricks ronnie, and ties him to a chair to keep him safe, after he had given her information vital to the mounties' planned attack on the outlaws. ronnie is unable to warn his fellow mounties and rivers that they are riding into a trap. the lawmen are ambushed and think ronnie is a deserter. dusty rivers helps to turn the tide of the battle and sergeant jim arrests corbeau. rivers tracks down ronnie at louvette's hideout and convinces him to turn himself in, however, he is killed in a case of mistaken identity. afterwards, dusty rivers is set to return to texas, but first gives april and jim his blessing.
corpus document1897
northwest passage
the film opens in the year 1759 with the arrival of langdon towne (robert young) in portsmouth, new hampshire. the son of a cordage (rope)- maker and ship rigger, he returns from harvard university after being expelled for complaining about college food and drawing an unflattering picture of the president of harvard college. though disappointed, langdon's family greets him with love, as does elizabeth browne (ruth hussey), the daughter of a noted clergyman. elizabeth's father (louis hector) is less welcoming, however, and denigrates langdon's aspirations to becoming a painter. that evening, while drinking in the local tavern with friend sam livermore (lester matthews), langdon makes indiscreet remarks disparaging wiseman clagett (montagu love), the king's attorney, and the indian agent, sir william johnson, unaware that clagett is sitting in the next room with another official. facing arrest for his comments, langdon fights the two men with the help of "hunk" marriner (walter brennan), a local woodsman and friend, before they both escape into the woods. as they flee westward, langdon and marriner stop in a backwoods tavern for something to drink. there they meet a man in a green uniform who treats them to a drink called "flip" which is similar to hot buttered rum, after they help him with a drunk american indian. after a night of drinking, the two men wake up at fort crown point, where they are told that the man they had met was major rogers (spencer tracy), the commander of rogers' rangers. needing langdon's mapmaking skills, rogers recruits the two men for his latest expedition, one to destroy the hostile abenakis tribe and their town of st. francis far to the north. setting out at dusk, rogers' force rows north using whale boats on lake champlain. traveling by night, they successfully evade river patrols by french forces but are forced to send several soldiers back to the fort after a confrontation with mohawk scouts who were dismissed by rogers. during the confrontation, a powder keg explodes which injures some of his force. however, rogers not only sends back the injured to crown point, but the disloyal mohawks provided him by sir william johnson (frederick worlock), and a number of his men who didn't obey orders to avoid a confrontation with the mohawks. although his force is depleted, the rangers move onto their objective. concealing their boats for a much later return, the force marches northward through swampland, avoiding dry land wherever possible to conceal their movements. when informed by his stockbridge indian scouts left to watch over the boats that the french have captured their boats and extra supplies, rogers revises his plan and sends an injured officer back to fort crown point requesting the british to send supplies to old fort wentworth, where the returning rangers will meet them. after making a human chain to cross an unbridged river, the rangers reach st. francis. the force succeeds in their attack, setting fire to the dwellings and cutting the abenakis off from retreat. when the battle is over, however, the rangers find only a few baskets of parched corn with which to replenish their dwindling provisions. worse, as marriner is searching the destroyed village, he comes across a prostrate langdon suffering from a bullet wound in his abdomen. facing hostile forces and a long march with only meager supplies, the rangers set out on their course to wentworth, trying to evade the french and indians pursuing them. their initial objective is lake memphremagog, with the injured langdon bringing up the rear. ten days later, rogers' men reach the hills just above lake memphremagog, where they hope to find food by stopping to hunt and fish. encountering signs of french activity, rogers prefers to press on to fort wentworth a hundred miles distant, but the men vote to split up into four parties and fan out in search of game to eat. game proves scare, though; worse, two of the detachments are ambushed by the french and most of the men killed. after persevering through harsh conditions, rogers and the remaining fifty men finally reach the fort, only to find it unoccupied and in a state of disrepair. the hoped-for british relief column has not arrived. though personally despairing, rogers attempts to rally the men, who are on the verge of collapse. as rogers attempts to perk up their flagging spirits with a prayer, they hear the fifes and drums of approaching british boats with the supplies. reporting that the abenakis are destroyed, the british do rogers' men the honor of presenting their firearms and shouting "huzzah". after returning to portsmouth, langdon reunites with elizabeth while rogers' rangers are given a new mission: to find the northwest passage. rogers fires them up with a brief speech telling them of all the wonders they will see while they march towards the first point of embarkation, a little fort called "detroit." he passes by langdon and elizabeth to say goodbye where elizabeth informs him that she and langdon are headed for london where she is hopeful he will learn to become a great painter. rogers bids them farewell and marches down the road and off into the sunset.
corpus document1898
no time for comedy
gaylord esterbrook (stewart), a reporter from redfield, minnesota (pop. 786, including livestock), writes a play about park avenue high society, even though he has never been to new york city. the play is being staged, but needs rewriting, so the producers bring gaylord to new york. he meets the leading lady, linda paige (russell), who initially mistakes him for an usher. the producer eventually loses faith in the play, but linda persuades the other actors to continue on a cooperative basis. it becomes a success, and gaylord and linda get married. gaylord proceeds to have four hits in four years, all starring linda. after his most recent hit, gaylord meets amanda swift (tobin) at a party. she feels that his talents are being wasted writing comedies. at her urging, he writes a tragedy about immortality called the way of the world. the play has no part for linda. gaylord eventually decides to divorce linda and marry amanda. linda then decides to marry amanda’s husband, philo (ruggles). the way of the world is a flop, with audiences laughing at unintentionally funny lines, prompting amanda to drop gaylord. however, linda supports gaylord in his time of need and they reconcile. she gets the idea for a comedy about smug, contemptible, callous stuffed shirts who think that dictators are inevitable and the average man is bloodthirsty and contemptible. gaylord and linda decide to start over, and even act out their initial meeting: gaylord buys linda cigarettes as if he were an usher.
corpus document1899
nutty but nice
the stooges are working as singing waiters at a restaurant and meet two doctors (vernon dent, john tyrrell) who ask them to cheer up betty williams, a little girl who is sick from grief because her father (ned glass), a bank cashier, has been kidnapped while delivering $300,000 worth of bonds. the stooges pay a visit to betty dressed up as little girls with blonde sausage curls, but they fail to cheer her up. the stooges then volunteer to go out and find the girl's missing father. the doctors give them a brief description of the father (middle-aged, bald-spot, an anchor tattoo, and 5'10" in his stocking feet). he and betty like to yodel to each other, something curly seems rather adept at. the stooges waste no time in stopping every suspect in sight and giving them the stooge third degree. frustrated, curly starts yodeling, and after a few maladies that befall him (water, a flower pot, and a chair all crashing on his head), the boys hear a response from a radio that one of the kidnappers, butch (cy schindell), has on. butch is guarding betty's father who is gagged and tied to a bed. mistaking the yodeling cowboy on the radio for the cashier, the stooges follow the sounds and intercede, knock out butch, and free betty's father. just then, three other members of the gang return. the stooges and the father barricade the room door and use the dumbwaiter to escape to the basement. the four men follow them downstairs where a fight ensues, plunging everything into darkness, leaving only curly fully conscious afterward to light a candle. the cashier is reunited with betty, who recovers from her lethargy, and the pair, along with the two doctors, are serenaded at the restaurant by the stooges.
corpus document1900
of fox and hounds
the film focuses on a sly fox, george, and a lovable but dimwitted hound, willoughby, who repeatedly asks george where the fox went, never suspecting that his "friend" george is the fox. invariably, george the fox tells willoughby that the fox is on the other side of a rail fence, which is actually at the edge of a steep cliff. willoughby's line, "which way did he go, george? which way did he go?" long ago became a catchphrase, as did "thanks a lot, george, thanks a lot!"
corpus document1901
the old swimmin' hole
teenager betty elliott has decided to take over the business and social affairs of her father doc elliott. she thinks her father should marry the widowed mother, julie harper, of her boyfriend chris harper. doc has been a real friend and father to chris, who, under his guidance, has learned to take care of all the sick animals in town, but lack of money keeps the widow from sending chris on to finish high school and medical training is out of the question. wealthy grandpa harper sends his attorney baker to tell mrs. harper that all of jimmy's dreams could be realized if the widow, whom the grandfather dislikes, would give up custody of her son. the lawyer also begins to court julie and this throws a kink in betty's plans to see her father and the widow get married.
corpus document1902
one million b.c.
in a modern-day prologue, a group of hikers caught in a storm seek shelter in a cave. they encounter an anthropologist (conrad nagel, "the narrator") who interprets prehistoric carvings that introduce the story of a young caveman. akhoba (lon chaney, jr.) head of the rock tribe leads a hunting party. his son tumak (victor mature) begs the right to his first kill, a small triceratops which he wrestles to death. an elderly man in the party falls from a cliff and is left to die. the party arrives at the rock tribe's cave with their prey. the beast is cooked on a fire. when it is done, the strongest feed first, next the women and children, then the few elderly pick the scraps. tumak defends his portion from demands by akhoba. they fight and akhoba knocks tumak over a cliff as his mother watches. tumak recovers to find a mastodon attacking him. he runs and climbs a tree. the mastodon rams the tree and knocks it into a river. tumak floats downstream unconscious and is found by loana (carole landis) of the shell tribe. her tribesmen answer her shell horn call and take tumak to their cave. the tribe gathers for a meal of vegetables, shared orderly with the children, women and elderly served first. tumak awakes and loana gives him food, which he guards as he eats, perplexing the tribe who share and do not fight. tumak looks on, confused by the customs of the shell tribe. meanwhile, akhoba leads a hunting party into the hills but is injured trying to take down a muskox. as akhoba lies injured, a younger hunter asserts authority over the others and takes akhoba's place as leader, leaving akhoba to die. later, akhoba, crippled, shows up at the cave but is treated with contempt. tumak adjusts slowly to life with the shell tribe. he helps the children gather food by shaking fruit out of a tree and they teach him how to laugh. he tries to fish with loana but gets frustrated, as spear fishing is not like land hunting. while he is fishing, an allosaurus traps a child in a tree. tumak uses a borrowed spear to kill the monster and save the child, but does not want to return the spear to its owner, believing he has earned it. later that night tumak steals the spear and a hammer from their maker, and attacks him when he tries to reclaim them. the tribal leader, loana's father, banishes tumak. as tumak departs, loana, who has fallen in love with him, leaves her tribe to follow him, much to his chagrin. tumak pulls apples from a tree for himself ignoring loana. seeing that she has trouble reaching apples herself, he relents and helps her. along the way they spot an armored creature which chases them up a tree. later, as tumak and loana reach rock tribe territory, they are trapped in a fissure during a fight between a dimetrodon and a lizard-like dinosaur. loana escapes but is menaced by the leader who displaced akhoba. she blows her shell horn leading tumak to her rescue. he saves her by defeating the leader and becomes the new leader. tumak has loana handle the meals, which confuses the rock tribe, since she feeds the women and children first, then akhoba whom she has sat on his former throne, and then the other elders. lastly tumak and the able-bodied men are fed. the next day akhoba comes outside to see his tribe learning to gather fruits and vegetables, with loana showing them which are good to eat and which are bad. loana and tumak sit and talk but tumak is called away to help hunt a deer while loana helps search for a missing child. a nearby volcano erupts, scattering the rock tribe and destroying their cave. a child's mother is engulfed by a lava flow; loana saves the child but is cut off from the others by the lava flow. she and the child head to the shell tribe. many animals fall into the crevasses opened by the eruption. tumak searches for loana but finds only a scrap of her clothing near the lava flow and believes her dead. later a shell tribesman seeks out tumak and tells him that loana is alive but the shell tribe is trapped in their cave by a large monitor lizard-like dinosaur. tumak leads his men to attack and kill the animal. akohba and the women and children follow. the shell tribe hold off the beast with torches. tumak's direct spear attack is futile. akhoba advises tumak to distract the dinosaur while the rest of the men climb to higher ground. they start a rockslide that kills the beast. the formerly despised akhoba becomes recognized for his experience and wisdom. the two tribes unite as one. tumak, loana and the rescued child are framed in the dawn of a new day.
corpus document1903
opened by mistake
journalist buddies jimmie daniels and buzz nelson have decided to spend their vacation together at the latonia horse race track on yucatán, mexico. their plans are seemingly spoiled when their publisher kingsley orders jimmie, who is the newspaper's most prominent reporter, to do a story on missing banker martin james, who stole one million dollars from his bank before disappearing. buzz comes up with an idea that jimmie tell the publisher that intelligence places the banker in yucatán. the publisher buys this argument and the two buddies leave for mexico, with a thousand dollars in cash to cover the expenses. they quickly lose most of the money on the track, without even so much as lift their eyes to find the missibg banker. somehow kingley sniffs the scam the two men are pulling, and orders jimmie back to the office immediately. kingsley plans to meet jimmie at the boat and disclose the plot. but jimmie finds out about the plan from kingsley's secretary, elizabeth stiles, and tries to intercept kingley, flying home with buzz and then sneaking onto the ship he was supposed to arrive on. buzz buys a second hand trunk in a riff-raff store to look like he has traveled on his own. jimmie's plan fails as kingsley finds the two original tickets for jimmie and buzz, and jimmie is fired right away. when the two men come home and open buzz's trunk it turns out there is a dead woman's body in it. soon after their doscovery, a mysterious woman named margaret nicholls arrive and offers to buy the trunk from them. when the woman leaves, jimmie follows her and later contemplates alertibg the police, when he hears a radio broadcast announcing himself and a female accomplice as supected murderers. jimmy acts with the belief that margaret is innocent, and together they team up to try to find the real killer. buzz tells them he bought the trunk at sam peter's warehouse. when they go there they find sam peter dead. they manage to flee the scene and get peters' orderbook and get three names to check up on. the first name turn out to be dead ends, but the second leads to the address of a pair of newly-weds. the brand new mrs. de borest becomes suspicious and opens up the trunk her husband has, finding out from the contents that he is a traveling salesman and not a count as he has led her to believe. when jimmie and margaret arrives at the last address, they meet perfumer jarvis woodruff. he offers margaret to try his latest creation, but sees a picture of jimmie and margaret in the paper and alerts the police. jimmie and margaret still manage to flee to a nearby diner. margaret confesses that she is an insurance investigator on the lookout for the banker's stolen money. using a handkerchief to wipe jimmies face, she notices that it's not hers but the dead woman's, and that it smells just like the perfume she tried at woodruff's apartment. jimmie and margaret both sneak back to woodruff's apartment, but are caught by him and locked into a refrigerator room. the police soon arrive, and are also tricked into the refrigerator room. buzz has picked up jimmie's trail and arrives at the building, lures his way in and then manage to release everyone locked into the refrigerator room. the police arrest woodruff for the murder of his wife, and margaret finds the million dollars in another trunk in the apartment. jimmie gets an exclusove on the story to bring to his publisher. since he has fallen in love with margaret, they marry and go to mexico on honeymoon. while they are there, jimmie reads about the banker's capture in central park.[1]
corpus document1904
patient porky
the cartoon begins with a tour of a hospital where we see many patients resting in their beds. porky soon checks in with a stomachache, caused by overeating at his birthday party. instead of a real doctor, he encounters a crazy cat patient who, as soon as he hears porky's plea for a doctor, rushes over and introduces himself as "young dr. chilled-air" (a reference to dr. kildare). after porky tells him about his tummy ache, the cat decides to take an x-ray of porky's stomach: inside we see three-quarters of a birthday cake with the candles still lit. the cat then sympathetically escorts porky over to a bed where he throws him into it and he bounces up off of the bed, in the process a hospital gown that was on the bed flies off of the bed and onto porky as porky's jacket flies off of him and onto the hook. the cat then brags to the other patients, "look fellas! i got a patient! i got a patient!" the cat then grabs the bed, pushes it and they go speeding through the hospital where he sings "i've got a terrific urgin' to be a famous surgeon so i'm going to start out to carve my new career." he rushes porky into surgery where we see him sharpening knives and cleaning a saw with a rag. the cat, with the saw in his hand, then walks up to porky who is lying in bed looking unaware of what the cat's plans are until the cat takes the covers down and lifts his gown to "operate." as soon as porky sees what the cat is up to, he yells, "hey! w-w-what's the big idea?" and wiggles around to try to get away from the crazy cat. he tries to escape the cat by slipping through the covers then running down the hall in an effort to escape. he runs out of the hospital and back home where the cat is hot on his trail. porky runs into his bedroom and slams the door and the cat follows him where he finds porky lying in bed with his arms behind his head and smiling. thinking he has the upper hand and believing that porky is going to allow the operation to proceed, the cat lifts his gown to operate on him again when suddenly he sees a sticker pasted on porky's stomach that reads "do not open till xmas." the cat, with a confused look on his face, turns to the camera and says "christmas?", then jumps in bed next to porky, with the saw at his side and states "i'll wait" much to porky's horrific dismay and the cat's satisfaction.
corpus document1905
phantom of chinatown
after participating in an extensive archaeological expedition in the mongolian desert, dr. john benton is in san francisco to hold a presentation of the findings to his colleagues. the film material shows how the archaeological team discovered the long sought ancient tomb of an emperor of the ming dynasty. in the tomb, the team found a scroll, telling of a secret temple of eternal fire. the temple is believed to be hiding a previously unknown oil reserve, and would be of great financial importance to the chinese people were it to be discovered. during the expedition, when the tomb was opened, a forceful hurricane took the life of mason, the co-pilot. the storm was predicted by an ancient curse guarding the tomb. unfortunately, as benton is about to reveal the contents of the scroll during the presentation, he starts choking and ultimately dies from suffocation. after the presentation, it turns out that the scroll is missing from benton's safe in his office, and his secretary, win len, claims she has no knowledge of its whereabouts. one of benton's students, james lee wong, does his own investigation into the death of his professor, and finds out that benton must have been poisoned with what another man, street, identifies as an oriental vegetable poison. james finds a pitcher and a glass cup containing traces of this poison. another member of the expedition team, camera man charles fraser, is attacked in his home, and is found injured by james and street. they are both unaware of that mason faked his own death at the tomb, and that he and benton's butler, jonas, are planning to lay their hands on all artifacts found in the tomb. street manage to trace fraser's attacker to a hideout near the waterfront, where both mason and jonas are hiding. mason escapes through a secret door, but james and street find an artifact identifiable from the tomb. they also find jonas' dead body in a coffin, and it turns out he has been poisoned, then stabbed. the two amateur sleuths manage to get an article published in the paper, saying jonas is sick with yellow fever in a hospital, to lure the killer there. james wears a wire and impersonates mason at the hospital. mason himself turns up at the hospital, and also fraser. james and mason fight each other, but street and the police interrupt them. it turns out fraser has worked together with mason, but tried to double-cross him and break into benton's safe to steal the scroll. fraser also killed benton to keep the secret of the oil reserve to himself. he later kill jonas. the original scroll has now been destroyed by fraser, but there is still a photo of it left. after fraser is arrested, the photo is given to the chinese government so that they can try to find the oil reserve.[1]
corpus document1906
the philadelphia story
tracy lord (katharine hepburn) is the elder daughter of a wealthy philadelphia main line socialite family. she was married to c.k. dexter haven (cary grant), a yacht designer and member of her social set, but divorced him two years ago, because he did not measure up to the exacting standards she sets for all her friends and family: he drank too much for her taste, and as she became critical of him, he drank more. now she is about to marry nouveau riche "man of the people" george kittredge (john howard). spy magazine publisher sidney kidd (henry daniell) is eager to cover the wedding, and assigns reporter macaulay "mike" connor (james stewart) and photographer liz imbrie (ruth hussey). he can get them into the affair with the assistance of dexter haven, who has been working for spy in south america. dexter will introduce them as friends of tracy's brother junius (a u.s. diplomat in argentina). tracy is not fooled, but dexter threatens her with an innuendo-laden article about her father seth's (john halliday) affair with a dancer. tracy deeply resents her father's infidelity, which has caused her parents to live separately. to protect her family's reputation, she agrees to let mike and liz stay. dexter is welcomed back with open arms by tracy's mother margaret (mary nash) and teenage sister dinah (virginia weidler), much to her annoyance. in addition, she gradually discovers that mike has admirable qualities, and she even takes the trouble to find his book of short stories in the public library. as the wedding nears, she finds herself torn between george, dexter, and mike. the night before the wedding, tracy gets drunk for only the second time in her life and takes an innocent midnight swim with mike. when george sees mike carrying an intoxicated tracy into the house afterward, he thinks the worst. the next day, he tells her that he was shocked and feels entitled to an explanation before going ahead with the wedding. she takes exception to his lack of faith in her and breaks off the engagement. then she realizes that all the guests have arrived and are waiting for the ceremony to begin. mike volunteers to marry her (much to liz's distress), but she graciously declines. she also realizes, for the first time, that she isn't perfect and shouldn't constantly condemn others for their weaknesses. at this point, dexter offers to marry her again, and she accepts.
corpus document1907
pinocchio
jiminy cricket explains that he is going to tell a story of a wish coming true. his story begins in the workshop of a woodworker named geppetto. jiminy watches as geppetto finishes work on a wooden marionette whom he names pinocchio. before falling asleep, geppetto makes a wish on a star that pinocchio be a real boy. during the night, a blue fairy visits the workshop and brings pinocchio to life, although he still remains a puppet. she informs him that if he proves himself brave, truthful, and unselfish, he will become a real boy, and assigns jiminy to be his conscience. geppetto discovers that his wish has come true, and is filled with joy. however, on his way to school, pinocchio is led astray by honest john the fox and his companion, gideon the cat, who convince him to join stromboli's puppet show, despite jiminy's objections. pinocchio becomes stromboli's star attraction as a marionette who can sing and dance without strings. however, when pinocchio wants to go home for the night, stromboli locks him in a birdcage. jiminy arrives to see pinocchio, and is unable to free him. the blue fairy appears, and asks pinocchio why he was not at school. jiminy urges pinocchio to tell the truth, but instead he starts telling lies, which causes his nose to grow longer and longer. pinocchio vows to be good from now on, and the blue fairy returns his nose to its original form and sets him free, while warning him that this will be the last time she can help him. meanwhile, across town, honest john and gideon meet a coachman who promises to pay them money if they can find naughty little boys for him to take to pleasure island. encountering pinocchio on his way home, they convince him that he needs to take a vacation there. on the way to pleasure island, he befriends lampwick, a delinquent boy. without rules or authority to enforce their activity, pinocchio and the other boys soon engage in smoking tobacco, gambling, vandalism, and getting drunk, much to jiminy's dismay. later, while trying to get home, jiminy discovers that the island hides a horrible curse: the boys brought to pleasure island are transformed into donkeys and sold into slave labor. jiminy runs back to warn pinocchio, only to discover that lampwick has transformed into a donkey; pinocchio manages to escape, only partially transformed. upon returning home, pinocchio and jiminy find the workshop vacant. they soon get a letter from the blue fairy as a dove, stating that geppetto had ventured out in search of pinocchio, but was swallowed by a giant sperm whale named monstro, and is now living in his belly. determined to rescue his father, pinocchio jumps into the sea accompanied by jiminy. pinocchio is soon swallowed by monstro as well, where he is reunited with geppetto. pinocchio devises a scheme to make monstro sneeze, giving them a chance to escape. the scheme works, but the enraged whale chases them, and smashes their raft. pinocchio pulls geppetto to safety in a cave before monstro crashes into it. geppetto and jiminy are washed up safely on a beach, but pinocchio is killed. back home, the group mourns pinocchio. the blue fairy, however, decides that pinocchio has proven himself brave, truthful, and unselfish, that he is reborn as a real human boy, and everyone celebrates. jiminy steps outside to thank the fairy, and is rewarded with a solid gold badge that certifies him as an official conscience.
corpus document1908
pride and prejudice
mrs. bennet (mary boland) and her two eldest daughters, jane (maureen o'sullivan) and elizabeth (greer garson), are shopping for new dresses when they see two gentlemen and a lady alight from a very expensive carriage outside. they learn that the men are mr. bingley (bruce lester), who has just rented the local estate of netherfield, and mr. darcy (laurence olivier), both wealthy, eligible bachelors, which excites mrs. bennet. collecting her other daughters, mrs. bennet returns home, where she tries to make mr. bennet see mr. bingley, but he refuses, having already made his acquaintance. at the next ball, elizabeth sees how proud darcy is when she overhears him refusing to dance with her, and also meets mr. wickham, who tells elizabeth how darcy did him a terrible wrong. when darcy does ask her to dance with him, she refuses, but when wickham asks her in front of darcy, she accepts. the bennets' cousin, mr. collins (melville cooper), who will inherit the bennet estate upon the death of mr. bennet, arrives, looking for a wife, and decides that elizabeth will be suitable. at a ball held at netherfield, he keeps following her around and won't leave her alone. darcy surprisingly helps her out and later asks her to dance. after seeing the reckless behavior of her mother and younger sisters, however, he leaves her again, making elizabeth very angry with him once more. the next day, mr. collins asks her to marry him, but she refuses point blank. he then becomes engaged to her best friend, charlotte lucas (karen morley). elizabeth visits charlotte in her new home. there, she is introduced to lady catherine de bourgh (edna may oliver), mr. collins' "patroness", and also encounters darcy again. at charlotte's insistence, elizabeth sees darcy who asks her to marry him, but she refuses, partly because of the story wickham had told her about darcy, partly because he broke up the romance between mr. bingley and jane, and partly because of his "character". they get into a heated argument and he leaves. when elizabeth returns home, she learns that lydia has run away with wickham but they were not married. mr. bennet and his brother unsuccessfully try to find lydia. darcy learns of this and returns to offer elizabeth his services. he tells her that wickham will never marry lydia. he reveals that wickham had tried to elope with his sister, georgiana, who was younger than lydia at the time. after darcy leaves, elizabeth realizes she loves him but believes he will never see her again. lydia and wickham return to the house married. a short time later, lady catherine arrives and tells elizabeth that darcy found lydia and forced wickham to marry her by providing wickham with a substantial sum of money. she also tells her that she can strip darcy of his wealth if he marries against her wishes. she demands that elizabeth promise that she will never become engaged to darcy. elizabeth refuses. lady catherine leaves in a huff and meets with darcy outside who had sent her to see elizabeth to find out if he would be welcomed by her. after lady catherine's report, darcy comes in and he and elizabeth proclaim their love for each other in the garden. mr. bingley also meets jane in the garden. the movie comes to a close with a long kiss between elizabeth and darcy and mr. bingley taking jane's hand, while mrs. bennet is spying on both couples and seeing how her other daughters have found good suitors.
corpus document1909
primrose path
tomboy ellie may adams (ginger rogers) keeps her virtue despite her difficult circumstances. her alcoholic, greek scholar father homer (miles mander) is unemployable, leaving her loving mother mamie (marjorie rambeau) to support the family by going out with men. her ex-prostitute grandmother (queenie vassar) sees nothing wrong with their shared profession. one day, ellie may warily accepts a ride to the beach from gramp (henry travers). gramp runs a beachside restaurant and gas station along with wisecracking ed wallace (joel mccrea). ellie may falls in love with ed and eventually, after lying to him about being thrown out by her family over him, gets him to marry her. she becomes an industrious, well-liked waitress in the restaurant. however, she makes a grave mistake when she finally agrees to take ed to meet the rest of her family. when her lies about her relations are revealed, ed leaves her. to add to her woes, her father accidentally shoots her mother during one of his drunken, half-hearted attempts at suicide. before she dies, mamie gets ellie may to promise to take care of the family. when ellie may cannot find work, in desperation, she finally takes up the family profession. thelma (vivienne osborne), mamie's friend and co-worker, arranges for ellie may to accompany her, her current boyfriend, and "mr. smith" (an uncredited charles lane) on a car trip to san francisco. on the way, ellie may gets them to stop at ed's favorite nightclub, where she bitterly pretends to be what her husband thinks she is. however, after a private talk with a sympathetic mr. smith, ed figures out the truth and takes ellie may back. he also accepts the burden of her family.
corpus document1910
private affairs
amos bullerton from boston is the first in a long line of patrician aristocrats to marry a commoner, which makes his father, noble, furious and prompts him to remove amos from his will. amos takes up residence in new york and starts working as a stock broker. after fifteen years in new york without any contact with his family, amos is visited by his young daughter jane. she is coming to new york to get his approval of dumping her current aristocratic fiancé herbert stanley. instead she is determined to marry jimmy nolan, a law clerk working for her grandfather noble. amos runs out of luck and has to partner up with a taxi driver when he is too much in debt and cannot pay his fare. he "hires" the driver, angus mcpherson to get rid of the debt. fortunately, he is himself hired by a dubious stock broker named george gilkin, who wants to use amos' last name for a profit. amos is tricked use his last name to draw new clients to his business. amos is left in charge of the firm's new boston branch, and has to return home after years of exile. soon enough he finds that the bullerton name isn't quite as helpful as he had imagined. jimmy comes up with the idea to throw a big welcome-home party to give the illusion of noble's support for hs long lost son. jimmy plans to drive noble to the party without the old man knowing where he is headed. when noble shows up at the party the stock indeed rises, but gilkin is anxious to drive the price of the stock down again, eager to make a profit if his own. when amos and angus find out about gilkin's plans, they pursue him on hus way back to new york, to stop him from spreading ill-fated rumors about the bullertons at the stock market. after passing numerous obstacles, amos manages to prevent gilkin's return to new york and locks him up in a small town somewhere in new england where he can't do any harm. jane finally marries her beloved jimmy and amos reconciles with his father.[1]
corpus document1911
the quarterback
college student jimmy jones is a timid guy, whereas his twin brother bill is a fun-loving sort who is in debt with gamblers. when it turns out bill has an aptitude for football, he pretends to be jimmy and joins the school's team. both brothers end up falling for co-ed kay merrill, who is offended by jimmy's aggressive behavior, not realizing it was really bill. a gangster, townley, wants the big game to be lost on purpose so he can collect his gambling debts. jimmy plays in it himself and does poorly while bill hitchhikes out of town. but when he hears what's happening on the radio, bill returns, wins the game, then fights off the crooks.
corpus document1912
queen of the mob
infamous ma webster rules her clan of mobsters – mainly consisting of her three more or less criminally inclined sons – with an iron hand and without mercy. she is the terror of centre city. she refuses to let anyone else handle the planning of all the clan's robberies, much to george frost's dismay. george is the only clan member who isn't related to ma webster. george protests and makes a fuss about this, but to no avail. ma and her sons eddie, charlie and tom team up with george on christmas eve itself to rob the centre city bank. they are warned, however, by bert, ma's more lawful son, who studies law and disdains the criminal behaviour of the rest of his family. bert urges his mother and his brothers to get out of town to prevent them from being arrested for previous crimes the police and the fbi have found evidence of. ma listens to bert and takes the gang on a crime spree across several states. this tour gives the gang a heap of cash, including $300,000 in ransom for a kidnapping, as well as cash from various robberies. since ma and the gang are well aware that the cash they have received had been tagged by the fbi, and that the serial numbers of the bills are probably registered, they meet up with a shady character called pan to make an exchange for unmarked ones. they get $100,000 in cash for the bounty, but the temptation of keeping their bounty is to strong, and they kill pan and leave. what they don't know is that the fbi has a list of all the bills in pan's possession, found in his coat pocket. soon the feds are in the gang's tracks again. two federal agents are assigned to the case: scott langham and ross waring. these two agents track the gang down to a small town in the south of the united states, where they have taken refuge and ma is posing as a socialite. when the agents come to town, ma and the gang flee, and are forced to hide in cheap hotels around the country. the following christmas holiday ma returns to centre city to visit her son bert and his newborn baby. when she is away from the rest of the gang, they decide to do another robbery on their own. they hold up a store, but fail, with the result that charlie is shot and killed and tom is arrested. when tom's trial comes up, bert represents him, and convinces him to plead guilty and agree to return on his own free will to the city where they committed the kidnapping. the gang is split because of difference in opinion, and when george tries to leave to go his own way, ma and eddie kill him. they also contract another gang leader, stitch torey, and his men to help tom escape from his incarceration. stitch's gang fails in the attempt to free tom, and most of the gang members are killed. ma and eddie are the only ones left of the original gang, and they have adopted a low profile. eddie works in a cannery to support them both and ma has become quite neighborly. but eddie grows restless and careless. he sets up a hideout for some thugs he is hoping to join in a new robbery. he steals some cans from the workplace and gives them to the thugs. they in turn manage to crash their car on the way back with the cans, and the police get involved. when the police find eddie's fingerprints on the cans they know he is nearby. on christmas eve federal agents storm ma and eddie's home. a shoot-out ensues, in which eddie is killed. ma eventually surrenders herself to the police.[3]
corpus document1913
queen of the yukon
sadie martin owns a riverboat that is frequently used by miners traveling to their claims. during their trip, the miners drink and gamble. sadie's daughter, helen, is unaware of her mother's work because her mother sends her to boarding school in order to live a lifestyle more attributed to the upper-class. unfortunately for sadie, she is facing difficulty maintaining the costly riverboat. she is soon forced to sell the boat in order to make ends meet. however, greater problems soon enter sadie's life as the yukon mining company sends john thorne to take the riverboat away from her, as well as to cheat all of her customers out of their claims. meanwhile, helen unexpectedly arrives on the riverboat with her boyfriend bob. bob takes a job with john and is unknowingly manipulated by him. to sadie's disappointment, helen appears to enjoy life on the riverboat. sadie soon implores ace rincon to help her.
corpus document1914
rancho grande
following the death of rancher john dodge, foreman gene autry (gene autry) is left the responsibility of taking care of rancho grande ranch and dodge's three spoiled grandchildren raised in the east. gene is also responsible for completing a major project started by dodge—the construction of an irrigation system that would bring valuable water to the faithful rancho grande employees in the southern part of the valley. dodge mortgaged his ranch in order to finance the project. when dodge's grandchildren, tom (dick hogan), kay (june storey), and patsy (mary lee), arrive from the east, they are unimpressed with life on the ranch. tom and kay are madcap college types who think ranchlife is boring and long to return to the big city. they resent gene's authority and dismiss his talk of developing a work ethic and the importance of the irrigation project. meanwhile, crooked lawyer emory benson (ferris taylor) is planning to seize the mortgage to rancho grande. after meeting tom and kay, he decides to take advantage of their discontent in order to slow the irrigation project and prevent the bank from renewing the mortgage. gradually, gene is able to win kay over to his way of thinking, but tom falls in with a group of partying tenderfoots from the east. he invites them to stay at rancho grande, where they get in everyone's way. gene and his sidekick frog millhouse (smiley burnette) finally succeed in scaring the dudes off the ranch. angered by gene's actions, tom and kay decide to leave. when a rockslide at the irrigation project site injures jose, a faithful rancho grande employee, tom and kay come to their senses and pledge to help complete the project on time. continuing his plan of terror, benson dynamites a train carrying the pipe needed to complete the project. when gene and his men ride to salvage the pipe, benson and his gang are waiting for a showdown. in the gunfight that ensues, gene captures benson and his gang, insuring the timely completion of the irrigation project and the grandchildren's continued ownership of rancho grande.
corpus document1915
the ranger and the lady
texas ranger captain roy colt (roy rogers) disapproves of the tactics of his superior, general augustus larue (henry brandon), who is governing the republic of texas temporarily while sam houston (davison clark) is in washington trying to get texas admitted into the united states. larue is seeking to advance his own power, and he arbitrarily sets a tax on all wagons using the santa fe trail (yes, check a map of the republic of texas before statehood), and orders captain colt and his sergeant, gabby whittaker (george "gabby" hayes), to enforce this ruling. colt, knowing that if he refuses he will be in no position to combat larue's outrageous plans, plays along. among the first of the freighter wagon trains to be taxed is those belonging to jane tabor (jacqueline wells, before she became julie bishop) . when she and her old-time scout, hank purdy (si jenks), refuse to pay the tax, colt places her under arrest and brings her before larue. but jane charms larue into allowing her a monopoly of the freight lines using the santa fe trail. secretly, she is bent upon deposing larue, who was responsible for the death of her father. colt misunderstands her motives, while she is equally contemptuous of his being a tool of larue. the other wagon train owners revolt and backed by colt and hank purdy, who has deserted jane because of her apparent bargain with larue, they use force to get the freight wagons through. purdy is wounded and jane comes to his aid. through gabby, jane and roy's misunderstanding are corrected, and they work together until larue's treachery is exposed and he is brought to justice.
corpus document1916
rangers of fortune
a firing squad in mexico is just about to be the end of former army officer gil farra, former prizefighter george bird and caballero antonio sierra when they get a last-second reprieve. along the trail, riding for the u.s. border, the men encounter a young woman known as "squib" and her grandfather, homer clayborn, a newspaper publisher. he's been run out of the town of santa marta, where townspeople have come under the thumb of a wealthy landowner, colonel rebstock. accompanying them back into town, the men decide to avenge clayborn after he is murdered. they apprehend and jail the culprit, todd shelby, after scheming to get george named the town's new sheriff. squib writes a newspaper editorial denouncing rebstock, then is killed, with her office set ablaze. shelby and his men bust out of jail, but gil, george and sierra overcome him, then do likewise with rebstock.
corpus document1917
rebecca
an unnamed naïve young woman (joan fontaine) is in monte carlo working as a paid companion to edythe van hopper (florence bates) when she meets the aristocratic widower maximilian "maxim" de winter (laurence olivier). they fall in love, and within two weeks they are married. the young woman is now the second "mrs. de winter." maxim takes his new bride back to manderley, his large country house in cornwall. the housekeeper mrs. danvers (judith anderson) is domineering and cold, and is obsessed with the beauty, intelligence and sophistication of maxim's dead wife rebecca, the first mrs. de winter, preserving her former bedroom, the master suite, as a shrine. although dead, rebecca's presence is pervasive: several things throughout the house - stationery, handkerchiefs, bed linens, even the master bedroom door - bear her ornate "r" or "r de w" monogram. as her closest confidant, mrs. danvers regularly comments on rebecca's exceptional grace and style. when asked what rebecca was like, frank crawley (reginald denny), maxim's best friend and manager of the estate, absent-mindedly tells the new mrs. de winter that rebecca was an exceptional beauty. the new mrs. de winter is intimidated by her responsibilities and begins to doubt her relationship with her husband. the continuous reminders of rebecca overwhelm her; she believes that maxim is still deeply in love with his first wife. she also discovers that her husband sometimes becomes very angry at her for apparently insignificant actions. she also meets rebecca's so-called "favorite cousin", jack favell (george sanders), who visits the house while maxim is away. trying to be the perfect wife, the young mrs. de winter convinces maxim to hold a costume party, as he had done with rebecca. she wants to plan her own costume, but mrs. danvers suggests she copy the beautiful outfit in the portrait of lady caroline de winter, an ancestor of maxim. at the party, when the costume is revealed, maxim is appalled; rebecca wore the same outfit at the ball a year ago, shortly before her death. mrs. de winter confronts danvers, who tells her she can never take rebecca's place, and almost manages to convince her to jump to her death. an airborne flare reveals that a ship has hit the rocks. mrs. de winter rushes outside, where she hears that, during the rescue, a sunken boat has been found with rebecca's body in it. maxim admits to his new wife that he had earlier misidentified another body as rebecca in order to conceal the truth. his first marriage, until now viewed by the world as ideal, was in fact a sham. at the very beginning of their marriage, rebecca had told maxim she intended to continue the scandalous life she had previously lived. he hated her for this, but they agreed to an arrangement: in public, she would pretend to be the perfect wife and hostess, and he would ignore rebecca's private, wanton lifestyle. however, rebecca grew careless, including an ongoing affair with jack favell. one night, rebecca told maxim she was pregnant with a child that was not his. laughing at maxim's dismay, rebecca proclaimed that the child, presumed to be a boy and legally maxim's son, would thus inherit his beloved estate manderley. during the ensuing heated argument she fell, hit her head and died. maxim took the body out in her boat, which he then scuttled. now assured of her husband's love for her and not his first wife, the second mrs. de winter sheds the remnants of her girlish innocence. she begins to coach her husband how to conceal the mode of rebecca's death from the authorities. in the police investigation, deliberate damage to the boat points to suicide. however, favell shows maxim a note from rebecca, which appears to prove that she was not suicidal; favell tries to blackmail maxim. maxim tells the police, and then falls under suspicion of murder. the investigation reveals rebecca's secret visit to a london doctor (leo g. carroll), which favell assumes was due to her illicit pregnancy. but the police interview with the doctor establishes that rebecca was not actually pregnant; the doctor had told rebecca that she was suffering from a late-stage cancer instead. the coroner renders a finding of suicide. only frank crawley, maxim, and his wife know the full story: that rebecca told maxim she was pregnant with another man's child in order to try to goad him into killing her, an indirect means of suicide that also would have ensured her husband's ruination and possible execution. as maxim returns home from london to manderley, he sees that the manor is on fire, set ablaze by the deranged mrs. danvers. the second mrs. de winter and the staff escape the blaze, but danvers is killed when a ceiling collapses on her. finally, a silk nightdress case on rebecca's bed, with a beautifully embroidered "r"—rebecca's proud emblem of ownership—is consumed by flames.
corpus document1918
remember the night
in the run up to christmas, lee leander is arrested for stealing a bracelet from a new york city jewelry store. the assistant district attorney, john "jack" sargeant, is assigned to prosecute her. the trial begins just before christmas, and rather than face a jury filled with the holiday spirit, jack has the trial postponed on a technicality. when he hears lee complaining to her lawyer about spending christmas in jail, jack feels guilty and asks bondsman fat mike to post bail. fat mike assumes that jack wants to force lee into an affair, and after freeing her he delivers lee to jack's flat. discovering that lee is a fellow hoosier, (a native of indiana), and that she has nowhere to spend christmas, jack offers to drop her off at her mother's house on his way to visit his own family. on the drive, jack gets lost in pennsylvania and the couple spends the night parked in a field. the next morning, they are arrested by the landowner for trespassing and destruction of property, and taken to an unfriendly justice of the peace. lee starts a fire in his wastebasket as a distraction, and the pair flees. lee's mother, a malevolent embittered woman, has remarried, and does not want anything to do with her daughter, whom she considers a lost cause. jack decides to take lee home to spend christmas with his family. she is warmly received by his cousin willie, aunt emma, and his mother, even after jack reveals lee's past. on new year's eve, jack kisses lee at a barn dance, and later that night his mother goes to lee's bedroom for a talk. she reveals that the family was poor during jack's childhood, and that he worked hard to put himself through college. she asks lee to give jack up, rather than jeopardize his career, and lee agrees. on the way back to new york via canada (to bypass pennsylvania), jack tells lee that he loves her, and tries to persuade her to jump bail, but she refuses. back in new york, jack tries to throw lee's case by acting harsh and aggressive to her and the jury. jack's boss has been alerted to the affair, and secretly listens outside the courtroom. realizing that jack may damage his career, lee insists on changing her plea to guilty. as she is led away, jack wants to marry lee on the spot. she refuses, saying that if he still feels the same way when she has served her sentence, and he has had time to consider his decision, they can marry.
corpus document1919
rhythm on the river
oliver courtney (basil rathbone) is an arrogant composer who lets other people write songs he takes credit for. bob sommers (bing crosby) writes his tunes with billy starbuck (oscar levant). at the night of a social christmas party, oliver introduces bob's song "what would shakespeare have said?" as his own. later that night, oliver thanks bob for his loyalty and offers him a contract for $50 a week for three years. he refuses, saying he would rather have a catboat to visit his uncle at his river hotel, called nobody's inn. after his lyric writer dies, oliver finds a replacement in cherry lane (mary martin). she is reluctant about being a ghost writer, but accepts his offer. he is satisfied with her first lyric. she becomes ambitious to write better lines, but is not able to concentrate at home, and it is suggested she move to a small and quiet place. meanwhile, bob and cherry meet several times, without knowing they are working for the same employer. she does not think highly of him. to work in a perfect environment, cherry travels to tarrytown and stays at nobody's inn. bob decides to give the inn a visit at the same time, and they are shocked to run into each other yet again. they soon become acquainted and actually start liking each other. they even compose their own song together. however, because they are not allowed to tell who they are working for, they do not find out they are colleagues. she becomes mad at him when he plays the song she wrote the lines for and states he wrote it himself. bob is confused and travels back to town to resign. cherry has come to office as well to inform her boss she thinks someone has stolen his lines. they realize they were working together all along. bob and cherry make up and decide to start their own music composing careers. after a few unsuccessful auditions, bob agrees to start a band. they audition for mr. westlake (william frawley), but he is only interested in cherry. he offers her a job as a nightclub singer, but she is loyal to the band and rejects his offer. bob notices it is a great opportunity for cherry and gives her his consent to work for westlake. he takes his job back as oliver's ghost writer and raises $200 so cherry can premiere with the song they wrote together at nobody's inn. however, she is unhappy at her new job and is helped by bob to get out of her contract. oliver feels sympathetic toward them and persuades them not to walk away by announcing the song is not written by him. after announcing they will soon marry, bob and cherry perform their song.
corpus document1920
ride, tenderfoot, ride
singing cowboy gene autry (gene autry) and his sidekick frog millhouse (smiley burnette) work on a ranch owned by ann randolph (june storey). gene is unaware that he has just inherited the belmont packing company. while gene and frog take the cattle to market, gene has an argument with ann who fires them both, giving them one of the steers as back pay. later the local sheriff, seeing a randolph steer in the possession of the two cowboys, arrests gene and frog on suspicion of cattle rustling. attorney henry walker (forbes murray), who has been searching for the singing cowboy, finally locates gene at the jail and informs him of his inheritance. after being released from jail, gene takes possession of the belmont packing company. ann, who owns a rival packing company, had plans to merge the two companies under her ownership. now she is dismayed to learn that the man she just fired is now her main business competitor. ann's conniving general manager and fiancé, donald gregory (warren hull), convinces her to feign romantic interest in gene and sweet talk him into selling his company to her. at first the plan appears to work, and gene agrees to ann's offer and signs a contract of sale. later, when he learns that gregory plans to close the plant putting all his employees out of work, gene tears up the contract and decides to stay in the packing business. gene soon learns that his biggest business challenge is having enough cattle to fill the distribution demands. he initiates a campaign to convince the ranchers to sell their stock to his belmont packing company, and soon the contracts start coming in. ann responds with her own campaign, however, appealing to ranchers with a "helpless woman" routine. when he notices her success, gene changes tactics and starts a new campaign, singing to the ranchers and organizing parades in an effort to win their business, and the campaign succeeds. unable to compete with legitimate business approaches, gregory orders his men to use violence to stop the singing cowboy. ann's little sister patsy (mary lee), who has a crush on gene, overhears gregory's men plotting to dynamite the dam and flood the valley. after she warns gene of gregory's scheme, gene rides off and intercepts gregory's henchmen before they can plant their explosives. soon after, gregory is indicted for sabotage, and gene and ann form a business alliance as well as a romantic relationship.[1]
corpus document1921
road to singapore
josh mallon (bing crosby) and ace lannigan (bob hope) are best friends and work aboard the same ship. as their ship returns to the us after a long voyage, they see all the other sailors being mistreated by their wives and girlfriends, and the two friends pledge never to get involved with women again. unfortunately, this vow is tested almost immediately. first, ace is confronted by the family of a former lover, cherry, who insist he marry her. then josh, who is the son of rich shipping magnate (charles coburn), has to fend off his fiancee, gloria (judith barrett), and his father's wishes that he settle down and take over the family business. things get worse when josh and ace get caught up fishing and turn up late for a party to celebrate josh's engagement. gloria's hostile drunken brother starts a fistfight and a news reporter takes photographs that cause a scandal. josh and ace flee to hawaii and then head for singapore. however, the pair only get as far as the island of kaigoon before their money runs out. they rescue mima (dorothy lamour), an exotic local (but not native) from her abusive dance-partner, caesar (anthony quinn), and she moves into their hut. soon mima is running the two men's lives, much to their chagrin. the trio try to make money in several different ways, including trying to sell a spot remover that is so bad it dissolves clothes. when josh's father finally locates his wayward son, he and gloria fly out to bring josh back to face his responsibilities. the resentful caesar leads them to where ace, josh and mima are enjoying a local feast. by this point, both josh and ace have fallen in love with mima. she is heartbroken to learn that gloria is josh's fiancee. ace proposes to mima, but before she can accept, josh returns. the two friends almost come to blows over mima, but then decide that she should choose between them. mima picks ace. josh boards an ocean liner with gloria and his father. meanwhile, caesar informs the local police that ace is on the island illegally. ace is arrested when he cannot produce a passport, but manages to escape. he and mima flee aboard a ship, but ace comes to realize that mima really loves josh. when josh's ship docks at a tropical port, a passenger complains about a terrible spot remover that disintegrated his suit jacket. josh realizes that ace and mima must be on the island. when he finds them, ace tells his best friend that mima really loves him.
corpus document1922
rockin' thru the rockies
the stooges are guides (circa late 1800s), who are helping a trio christened "nell's belles" travel across the rocky mountains to san francisco, the location of their next performance. while preparing some corned beef, a group of indians urges them to get off their land as soon as possible. since curly scared off the horses earlier, the group is stuck there for the night. during the night, moe and larry angrily tell curly to sleep by himself because he is barking like a dog in his sleep. unfortunately, snow falls while they sleep. they awake to discover a bear has devoured their food supply, so the three hapless guides try unsuccessfully to catch some fish in a nearby frozen lake. the fishing expedition is interrupted by nell (kathryn sheldon), who discovers the belles — lorna gray, dorothy appleby and linda winters — have been kidnapped by the indians. the belles manage to escape, and the troupe leaves the indians' land quickly.
corpus document1923
sailor's lady
the city's beauty parlors are flooded with hopeful women as the navy fleet and its sailors are coming to visit. sally gilroy is one of these expectant girls. sally is quite nervous about the visit since her fiancé danny is among the arriving sailors, and she is supposed to marry him in the next few days. her best friends myrtle and georgine try to calm her down and tell her there is nothing to worry about. but it turns out there is. danny's best friend and sailor colleague scrappy wilson has grown tired of marriage. right before their ship, the uss dakota, enters the docks his pay is withheld after a court order ruling, because he owes his wife alimony. scrappy decides to save danny from going through the same thing and stop him from marrying. scrappy involves another sailor, goofer, in his plan. they plant a gun part in danny's sailor duffel bag before he disembarks the ship, and danny is arrested when he is caught stealing navy equipment by chief mulcahy. scrappy himself goes ashore and meets sally, telling her that danny is going to spend the entire month-long visit in the ship's jail. another sailor named rodney tries to make sally jilt danny and go with him instead. sally rejects him and desperately decides she has to bring danny ashore at some point during the visit. danny manage to escape jail and get on the next boat to the shore, and he and sally go to their brand new house. when they arrive their, sally reveals a big surprise - she has a baby to take care of. she has adopted it after a friend and her husband was killed in a car accident. sally has named the baby margaret lane "skipper". danny is not overly happy with this new family development. danny is discovered by a shore patrol, who arrest him again for going awol using another sailor's identity. sally tries to help out by telling the ship commander, captain roscoe, that danny only went ashore to visit his sick baby, and that they are already husband and wife. roscoe swallows her explanation and not only drops the charges against danny, but promotes him to help him take care of his new family. rodney doesn't give up on sally, and visits to play with skipper. when danny arrives to his home on a legitimate pass, he gets into an argument with "home-wrecker" rodney. the couple is under supervision by miss purvis, who acts with the mandate of the juvenile court, and a fight wouldn't improve their status as adoption parents. they decide to throw a party to get on miss purvis' good side, but the party derails when scrappy's friend barnacle arrives and picks a fight with danny. miss purvis is very upset by the men's behavior, and the party ends with sally breaking up with danny. rodney takes the opportunity to propose to sally, trying to convince her that she needs a husband to keep skipper. sally reluctantly accepts his proposal, but danny soon returns and he and sally make up again. sally breaks off the new engagement to rodney, but when danny finds out about the deceit, and a fight ensues, destroying the entire house interior. miss purvis sees the devastation and gets the two men arrested by another shore patrol. desperate not to lose skipper, sally sneaks aboard the dakota and leaves the baby on board in chied mulcahy's room before returning ashore. the fleet sets sail to participate in the naval war games. when sally cannot return skipper to the authorities she is faced with juvenile court. skipper is discovered on board, and danny decides to tell the whole story to captain roscoe. when the ship starts firing its cannons, the baby starts screaming and the ship doctor tells roscoe to stop firing or the baby will suffer permanent damages. roscoe is reluctant to do so, afraid his good reputation will be destroyed and he will lose his chance of becoming an admiral of the fleet. it turns out that all that was wrong with skipper was a loose safety pin, and that roscoe's superiors praise him for his timely cease fire. danny eventually comes back ashore and is married to his sally at the church of good shepherd.[1]
corpus document1924
the saint takes over
on an ocean liner making its way to new york, simon templar (george sanders), "the saint", rescues a fellow passenger (wendy barrie) from card cheats, though she refuses to give him her name and is offended when he kisses her without invitation. he later sends the mysterious woman a rose corsage by way of apology. the saint learns that his friendly nemesis, inspector henry farnack (jonathan hale), has been suspended from the police force after $50,000 was found in his safe. he has been framed by "big" ben egan (pierre watkin) on behalf of his race-fixing gang, which fernack was investigating. the other members of the gang - "rocky" weldon (roland drew), leo sloan (robert emmett keane), sam reese (morgan conway) and max bremer (cy kendall) - each pay a quarter share of the $90,000 cost of the frameup. rocky himself has just been cleared in a trial after the testimony of his bodyguard, clarence "pearly" gates (paul guilfoyle) and the murder of the main prosecution witness, johnny summers. egan orders two henchmen to pick up the woman passenger when the ship arrives. fortunately, templar is able to foil them, and the woman drives off in a taxi. templar goes to see fernack. weldon sends gates to rob egan, but egan catches the safe cracker. at gunpoint, gates confesses that welden sent him. egan orders him to lure his boss into a trap, but after gates leaves, an unseen shooter kills egan. templar and fernack meet when they both sneak into egan's place. the saint finds the hidden camera and later develops the photograph. he also picks up a clue, a rose petal. welden assumes gates killed egan and has the $90,000, despite gates' protestations. templar blackmails gates into helping him in exchange for not giving the police the photograph and telling weldon that gates does not have the money. however, when they go to see weldon, they find him dead, and once again, fernack is already there. templar, assisted by gates, kidnaps sloan, the most likely of the survivors to talk, but they are followed. when templar leaves sloan guarded by fernack, sloan is shot and killed through fernack's basement window. they take the body back to sloan's place, but the suspicious police burst in and take them by surprise. only templar manages to escape. he waits for the murderer in reese's apartment (bremer being out of town). he is unsurprised when the woman shows up. it is his fellow ship passenger ruth summers (wendy barrie), johnny's sister, out for revenge. he offers to help her. templar has gates "betray" him to bremer and reese. they catch him searching bremer's office. he offers to trade the $90,000 for his life, but insists they tell him everything. their unwitting confessions are broadcast to the police via a hidden microphone and radio transmitter. when the police arrive, bremer escapes by the fire escape. in the alley, he encounters ruth. each fatally shoots the other. ruth makes a deathbed confession to the three previous murders, then dies before templar can tell her something important.
corpus document1925
the saint's double trouble
an authentic mummy is packaged and shipped from cairo to professor horatio bitts in philadelphia. the package is sent under the name simon templar, but the sender is a man called the partner, who is a member of an international team of jewel thieves, led by boss duke bates. meanwhile, john bohlen of the philadelphia police department is visited by inspector henry fernack from new york. private detective simon templar himself, more known as "the saint", comes to visit his old friend professor bitts, and later in the night, the police are called to the professor's home to investigate a homicide. fernack and bohlen arrive at the crime scene and suspect simon templar of the killing, since he was the last one to visit the professor, and one of templar's business cards are found on the dead body. knowing he is a suspect, templar has to stay away from the police, but he still visits inspector fernack at his hotel late at night. fernack tells templar that he personally doesn't suspect him. templar goes back to the crime scene, talks to anne, daughter of the professor and has a closer look at the mummy. templar has no idea that boss duke bates is the spitting image of templar, and poses as the famous private detective now and then. when boss kills another man, one of his fences, templar manages to find his hideout at the 4 bells café and finds out about his doppelganger. after boss finds out that one of the jewel packages is still inside the mummy, he goes back to the professor's house, but the professor crosses his path and is murdered by boss. templar sends a message to the police and anne, alerting them of boss' existence and of the café. boss tries to kill anne but templar arrives just in time to save her life. then he goes back to the 4 bells café, but is caught by boss and his henchmen, bound and gagged. boss plans to kill him and transports him to a boat nearby to get rid of the body afterwards. before boss has time to kill templar, the police arrive and arrest boss, presuming he is templar. when they have gone, templar manages to free himself and escape from the boat. he dresses up as a woman to get into the jail where boss is held, and when they meet again, boss knocks him down and steals his disguise in order to escape. this is something templar has counted on, and when boss tries to flee the jail, the police shoot him down and kill him. fernack realizes that boss was templar's double and lets him run after he has returned the stolen jewels he found in the mummy.[1]
corpus document1926
santa fe trail
at west point military academy in 1854, cadet carl rader—an agent of john brown (van heflin)—is dishonorably discharged for distributing anti-slavery pamphlets. his classmates jeb stuart (errol flynn) and george custer (ronald reagan) become second lieutenants and are posted to fort leavenworth, kansas territory, the most dangerous duty in the army—an assignment they relish. on the way to kansas, custer and stuart meet cyrus k. holliday, in charge of building the railroad to santa fe, new mexico, and his daughter kit (olivia de havilland), with whom both officers fall in love. the kansas territory is bloodstained and war-torn, a victim of john brown's (raymond massey) relentless crusade against slavery. meanwhile, rader has enlisted as a mercenary in brown's army, which has been terrorizing the countryside. during brown's attack on a freight wagon under the protection of the u.s. army, stuart and custer capture brown's injured son jason (gene reynolds) and, before dying, the troubled boy informs them about his father's hideout at shubel morgan's ranch in palmyra. in disguise, stuart rides into palmyra, the center of the underground railroad, but brown's men spot his horse's army brand. he is captured and taken to brown at gunpoint. attempting to escape, stuart is trapped in a burning barn but is saved as custer leads the cavalry to the rescue, driving brown into seclusion. three years later, in 1859, believing that brown's force has been broken, stuart and custer are sent back to washington, d.c., where stuart proposes to kit. however, brown is planning to re-ignite war by raiding the arsenal at harper's ferry, virginia. when brown refuses to pay rader for his services, rader rides to washington to alert stuart of brown's plans, and the troops arrive just in time to crush the rebellion. brown is then tried for treason by the state of virginia and hanged. the movie ends with the marriage of stuart and kit.
corpus document1927
saps at sea
stan and ollie work in a horn factory, where hardy is already under stress from all the incessant noise. the episode begins with a worker getting carted out (eddie borden) after having gone insane and is the latest casualty of the work environment, the "fourth one this week" according to a watching police officer. ollie is sent home after developing "hornophobia", which results in his going crazy each time he hears horns or horn-based musical instruments. a physician (jimmy finlayson) is called to treat ollie and, warning ollie that he could develop a more serious condition, "hornomania," prescribes a relaxing boat trip and goat's milk. ollie dismisses the idea because he is afraid to sail on the ocean, but stan offers an alternative: they will simply rent a boat and keep it attached to the dock, getting all the sea air they can while never actually going out to sea. a running gag in the episode is when one of the boys tries to turn on the taps and gas hobs, only for the one opposite to go on instead due to the janitor being cross-eyed, which results in stan destroying half the kitchen area with a gas explosion and ollie vowing to find the janitor and give him a very large piece of his mind. on the way down, ollie is accosted by his scottish neighbor who inquires as to whether he is having trouble with his apartment, then drags him into hers when he confirms it to be all "topsy-turvy". she shows him what happened when she turned on her radio that morning (causing her fridge to loudly blare music when opened, while the radio itself is covered in an indiscernible white substance), causing ollie to give the janitor a piece of her mind as well. when stan's trombone teacher (eddie conrad) arrives and ollie, returning from a fight with the janitor (ben turpin), hears the music, goes berserk and throws the teacher out, he knows he should take that advice. phoning the hotel manager to complain why that teacher was allowed in, hardy is accidentally knocked out the window and into the street. stan and ollie rent an unseaworthy boat called prickly heat that is supposed to stay moored to the dock. later that night an escaped murderer named nick grainger (richard cramer) stows away on the boat to avoid being caught by the police. the goat they have brought to provide milk chews away at the docking line, and the boat drifts out to sea. the next day nick confronts stan and ollie with a gun (which he affectionately names "nick jr."), renames ollie and stan "dizzy and dopey" and, taking command over the boat, tells them to make him breakfast. they have no food on board, so they decide to prepare nick a "synthetic" breakfast made up of string, soap and whatever else they can find. nick spies on them and realizes what they are up to, and forces them to eat the fake food. upon noticing his trombone, stan remembers ollie's violent reaction to horns and starts to play it, resulting in ollie going into a berserker rage and overcoming the criminal. in fact, a few times stan pauses to catch his breath--and the overheating trombone starts to emit smoke--and ollie has to call to him to keep playing the horn, in order for him to become enraged enough to keep fighting nick. eventually he finally knocks nick out cold. when the police arrive in another boat to take nick into custody, stan demonstrates to them how he got hardy powered up--by playing the mangled trombone. the result: ollie again flies into a blind horn-induced rage and mindlessly assaults one of the cops, the boys get arrested and are thrown into jail in the same cell that nick is in. the audience is left to imagine what horrors await the boys when the vengeful nick regains consciousness, as ollie says his "another nice mess . . . " catchphrase to stan, who starts to whimper.
corpus document1928
saturday's children
twenty-two-year-old bobby halevy falls in love with her fellow employee, rims rosson. rosson is an idealistic dreamer and would-be inventor whose get-rich scheme is going off to manila to turn hemp into silk. their romance flourishes until bobby is talked into tricking rims into marriage. living poor and on the verge of breaking up, the couple realizes that there is more to life than having a lot of money.
corpus document1929
the sea hawk
king philip ii of spain (montagu love) declares his intention to destroy england, the first step to world conquest. he sends don álvarez (claude rains) as his ambassador to allay the suspicions of queen elizabeth i (flora robson) about the great armada he is building to invade england. in england, some of the queen's ministers plead with her to build a fleet, which she hesitates to do in order to spare the purses of her subjects. the ambassador's ship is captured en route to england by the albatross and her captain, geoffrey thorpe (errol flynn). don álvarez and his niece, doña maría (brenda marshall), are taken aboard and transported to england. thorpe is immediately enchanted by doña maría and gallantly returns her plundered jewels. her detestation of him softens as she too begins to fall in love. don álvarez is granted an audience with the queen and complains about his treatment; doña maría is accepted as one of her maids of honour. the "sea hawks", a group of english privateers who loot spanish ships for "reparations" appear before the queen, who scolds them (at least publicly) for their piratical attacks and for endangering the peace with spain. captain thorpe proposes in private a plan to seize a large caravan of spanish gold in the new world and bring it back to england. the queen is wary of spain's reaction, but allows thorpe to proceed. suspicious, lord wolfingham (henry daniell), one of the queen's ministers and a secret spanish collaborator, sends a spy to try to discover where the albatross is really heading. upon visiting the chartmaker responsible for drawing the charts for thorpe's next voyage, don álvarez and lord wolfingham determine that he is sailing to the isthmus of panama and order don álvarez's spanish captain to sail ahead to set up an ambush. when the albatross reaches its destination, the ship is spotted by a native who reports it to the spanish governor. thorpe's crew seizes the caravan, but fall into a well-laid trap and are driven into the swamps. thorpe and a few other survivors return to their ship, only to find it in spanish hands. they are taken to spain, tried by the inquisition, and sentenced to life imprisonment as galley slaves. in england, don álvarez informs the queen of thorpe's fate, causing his niece to faint. the queen and don álvarez exchange heated words, and she expels him from her court. on a spanish galley, thorpe meets an englishman named abbott, who was captured trying to uncover evidence of the armada's true purpose. through cunning, the prisoners take over the ship during the night. they board another ship in the harbor, where an emissary has stored secret incriminating plans. thorpe and his men capture both and sail back to england with the plans. upon reaching port, thorpe tries to warn the queen. a carriage bringing don álvarez to the ship which, unknown to him, thorpe has captured, also brings his niece. don álvarez boards the ship and is held prisoner, while captain thorpe, dressed in the uniform of a spanish courtier, sneaks into the carriage carrying doña maría, who has decided to stay in england and wait for thorpe's return. the two finally declare their love for each other, and maría helps thorpe to sneak into the palace. however, lord wolfingham's spy spots thorpe and alerts the castle guards to stop the carriage and take thorpe prisoner. thorpe escapes and enters the queen's residence, fending off guards all the while. eventually, thorpe runs into lord wolfingham and kills the traitor in a swordfight. with doña maría's assistance, thorpe reaches the queen and provides proof of king philip's intentions. elizabeth knights thorpe and declares her intention to build a great fleet to oppose the spanish threat.
corpus document1930
second chorus
danny o'neill (fred astaire), and hank taylor (burgess meredith) are friends and rival trumpeters with "o'neill's perennials," a college band. both have managed to prolong their college careers by failing seven years in a row. at a performance, ellen miller (paulette goddard) catches danny's and hank's eyes. she serves them a notice for her boss, a debt collector, but the fast-talking o'neill and taylor soon have her working as their manager. tired of losing gigs to the perennials, artie shaw, playing himself, comes to woo ellen away to be his booking manager. she tries to get danny and hank an audition for shaw's band, but their jealous hi-jinks get them fired. ellen talks shaw into letting rich wannabee musician j. lester chisholm (charles butterworth) back a concert. it looks like the jig is up when hank pretends to be ellen's jealous husband, and then her brother. danny and hank manage get chisholm back on board, then get shaw to agree to put danny's song into the show. all they have to do is keep chisholm and his mandolin, which he wants to play in the concert, away from shaw until after the show; the solution is sleeping pills to knock chisholm, and incidentally hank, out. to ellen's relief, danny finally acts professionally, arranging his number for the show, which shaw says "has really grown up into something special." he hands the baton to danny, who successfully dance-conducts his own composition.
corpus document1931
seven sinners
the film spotlights the controversial life of torch singer bijou blanche (dietrich), who has been kicked off one south seas island after another. she is accompanied by naval deserter edward patrick 'little ned' finnegan (broderick crawford) and magician/pickpocket sasha mencken (mischa auer). eventually, she meets a handsome, young naval officer, lt. dan brent (wayne), and the two fall in love. when brent vows to marry bijou, his commander and others plead with him to leave her.
corpus document1932
she couldn't say no
wally turnbull is a partner in a law firm, trumbull and johnson, where his trusty secretary alice hinsdale is so much in love with wally that she put aside her own ambitions of becoming an attorney. wally is offered a chance to represent a wealthy old man, eli potter, in a business transaction. it turns out potter is being sued for breach of promise by a lady, pansy hawkins, who needs a good lawyer. not knowing potter has already become wally's client, alice pretends to be his partner johnson and agrees to represent pansy. so angry is wally that an irritated alice goes through with the trial, opposing him in court. potter's reconciliation with pansy makes the outcome moot.
corpus document1933
shooting high
the carsons and the pritchards have been feuding in the town of carson's corners for generations. the budding romance between will carson (gene autry) and marjorie pritchard (marjorie weaver) is now being threatened by the long-standing feud. margorie's father, calvin pritchard (frank m. thomas), is the bank president and mayor of carson's corners. calvin pretends to support will's courtship of his daughter because he needs to acquire a piece of carson property for a proposed highway through the area. when will learns of calvin's true motives, he accuses marjorie of scheming with her father to steal carson land. the long simmering feud between the carsons and the pritchards erupts over will's accusation. just as the families renew their bickering, gabby cross (jack carson), a publicity agent for spectrum pictures, arrives in town and offers the townspeople $20,000 to use carson's corners as a filming location for a movie he is making about wild bill carson, will's grandfather and the founder of carson corners. still angered by will's undermining his highway plan, calvin refuses gabby's offer. his youngest daughter, jane (jane withers), suggests a compromise that would allow spectrum pictures to use the town as a filming location if the highway proposal were approved by the carsons. with all parties agreeing to the proposal, the movie company arrives in town and begins production. the star of the film, bob merritt (robert lowery), begins to court marjorie. wanting her sister to marry will, jane and the sheriff devise a plan to frighten merritt out of town, telling him a lynch party is after him. after merritt leaves town, the head of spectrum pictures threatens to sue pritchard for the defection. gabby suggests giving the part to will, who agrees on the condition that pritchard extend the carson mortgages. while the movie is being filmed, three gangsters arrive in town. during a bank hold-up scene, the three gangsters put on actors' costumes and steal the money from the bank. learning of the theft, will pursues the gangsters on horseback, catches them, and brings them back to carson corners with the money. will's heroic actions wins the respect of the pritchards, as well as margorie's respect and hand in marriage.[2]
corpus document1934
the shop around the corner
alfred kralik (james stewart) is the top salesman at a leathergoods shop in budapest owned by the high-strung mr. hugo matuschek (frank morgan). kralik's coworkers at matuschek and company include his friend, pirovitch (felix bressart), a kindly family man; ferencz vadas (joseph schildkraut), a two-faced womanizer; and pepi katona (william tracy), an ambitious, precocious delivery boy. one morning, kralik reveals to pirovitch that he's been corresponding anonymously with an intelligent and cultured woman whose ad he came across in the newspaper. kralik is mr. matuschek's oldest and most trusted employee—just invited to a dinner party at matuschek's home—but lately there has been tension between the two. they get into an argument over mr. matuschek's idea to sell a cigarette box that plays "ochi chërnye" when opened. kralik thinks that it is a bad idea. although annoyed with kralik's stubbornness, matuschek is reluctant to ignore his judgment. after their exchange, klara novak (margaret sullavan) enters the gift shop looking for a job. kralik tells her there are no openings, but when she is able to sell one of the cigarette boxes (as a candy box), mr. matuschek hires her. as christmas approaches, kralik is preparing to finally meet his mystery correspondent for a dinner date. planning to propose if the date works out, kralik requests a raise from mr. matuschek, who has not been in a good mood for months. forced to put up with the pesky miss novak—the two simply cannot get along—kralik is grateful that his anonymous correspondent is nothing like her. he admits to pirovitch that he is nervous about meeting this "most wonderful girl in the world" for the first time. kralik's planned meeting is interrupted when mr. matuschek demands that everyone stay after work. he and kralik argue when kralik mentions his previous engagement. later kralik is called into mr. matuschek's office—and is fired. no one in the shop understands mr. matuschek's actions; they do not know that mr. matuschek suspects kralik of having an affair with his wife. later, mr. matuschek meets with a private investigator who informs him that his suspicions were correct, that his wife is having an affair with one of his employees—ferencz vadas. pepi returns to the shop just in time to prevent the distraught mr. matuschek from committing suicide. meanwhile, kralik arrives at the cafe nizza, where he discovers that his mystery woman, with the red carnation as planned, is in fact klara novak. despite his disappointment, kralik goes in and talks with her, pretending he is there to meet pirovitch. in his mind, kralik tries to reconcile the cultured woman of his letters with his annoying coworker—secretly hoping that things might work out with her. but concerned that kralik's presence will spoil her first meeting with her "far superior" mystery correspondent, she calls kralik a "little insignificant clerk" and asks him to leave, and he does. later that night, kralik goes to the hospital to visit mr. matuschek, physically uninjured after his suicide attempt, but recovering from a nervous breakdown. after apologizing for his behavior, mr. matuschek offers him a job as manager of matuschek and company, gives him the keys to the shop, and asks him to dismiss vadas quietly. kralik dismisses vadas, loudly and publicly, pushing vadas across the shop floor into a pile of cigarette boxes. grateful to pepi for saving his life, mr. matuschek promotes the errand boy to clerk. the next day, miss novak calls in sick after her mystery man failed to show. that night, kralik visits her at her apartment, where she reveals her problem to be "psychological". during his visit, she receives a letter from her correspondent and reads it in front of kralik (who wrote the letter). two weeks later, on christmas eve, matuschek and company achieves record sales. a grateful mr. matuschek gives everyone their bonuses and sends them home early. feeling lonely, he tries to get someone to have dinner with him, but most of his employees have other plans. then rudy, the new errand boy who lives alone in the city, gratefully agrees, and he and matuschek go out on the town. kralik and miss novak, now alone in the shop, talk about their planned dates for the evening and miss novak reveals that she had a crush on kralik when they first met, back when she was "foolish and naive". after pretending to have met miss novak's mystery man—whom he claims is overweight, balding, and unemployed—kralik puts a blue carnation in his lapel and finally reveals to miss novak that he is in fact her mystery correspondent—her "dear friend"—and they kiss.
corpus document1935
son of ingagi
after the wedding of eleanor and bob lindsay, a doctor named helen jackson had a discussion with detective nelson (spencer williams) and jackson's attorney asking them to come over to her place so she can change her will. while dr. jackson works in her office she is approached by her brother zeno, who insists that on jackson's visits to africa she must have taken gold and hidden it in her office. in response, dr.jackson hits a gong which calls upon the monster n'gina, a missing link monster who she has taken from her previous trip to africa. jackson's brother leaves terrified. at the lindsay's wedding, an explosion erupts, which leads most party-goers to investigate with only eleanor staying at home. eleanor is then visited by dr.jackson, who explains that she was in love with eleanor's father and that she had fled to africa later after he married eleanor's mother. later in her laboratory, jackson works on a potion for the benefit of human race. n'gina takes the potion and drinks it which causes n'gina to go on a rampage which kills jackson. the lindsays later find that they are beneficiaries in helen's will, and due to her sudden death they are initially suspected of murdering her. later, the lindsays are acquitted of the crime, and move into helen's manor. eleanor soon discovers that food is mysteriously disappearing. bradshaw, the executor of the will, comes to urge them to sell the house, and while rummaging through the desk, he carelessly rings the gong, which summons n'gina from the hiding place in the cellar. n'gina reacts to the stranger and kills bradshaw. detective nelson is assigned to solve the mystery of the house and moves into the home. zeno breaks into the couple's bedroom, but escapes when eleanor accidentally hits bob instead of zeno. after seeing n'gina emerge from the basement, zeno follows n'gina's path to seize helen's gold. zeno finds the gold but is caught by n'gina who drags zeno upstairs for nelson to find. eleanor spots n'gina and faints at the sight the creature. n'gina then carries eleanor downstairs. when nelson finds zeno's body he awakens bob who searches for eleanor. n'gina accidentally starts a fire, and eleanor's screams draw bob and nelson into the basement where nelson fails to arrest n'gina. bob, however, succeeds in locking the beast in a cell while the house and n'gina burn. nelson emerges from the bushes outside with the bags of gold while bob and eleanor escape unharmed.
corpus document1936
the son of monte cristo
in 1865 the proletarian general gurko lanen (george sanders) becomes the behind-the-scenes dictator of the grand duchy of lichtenburg located in the balkans. gurko suppresses the clergy and the free press and imprisons the prime minister baron von neuhoff (montagu love). the rightful ruler of the grand duchy, the grand duchess zona (joan bennett), hopes to get aid from napoleon iii of france and makes her escape pursued by a troop of hussars loyal to gurko. while on a hunting trip, the visiting count of monte cristo (louis hayward), rescues her. the count escorts the grand duchess zona to a neutral country, but gurko's hussars violate international neutrality to return the grand duchess and her lady-in-waiting back to lichtenburg. the count has become romantically enamoured of zona and undertakes to help her, visiting the grand duchy where he falls in with the underground resistance movement of lichtenburg. he befriends the loyal lt. dorner (clayton moore) of the palace guard who knows a variety of secret passages leading from the grand ducal palace to the literal underground catacombs of the grand duchy. discovering that baron von neuhoff is to be executed, the count gains entry to the palace through his previously being asked for a large loan of french francs by gurko and plays the role of a cowardly fop international banker. there he overhears gurko meeting with the french ambassador (georges renavent) who raises the issue of human rights in the grand duchy. gurko counters him by saying he is signing a non aggression pact with russia protecting lichtenburg from any french threats. gurko schemes to gain the nation's loyalty by marrying the grand duchess and keeping the pact with russia a secret. the count becomes a masked freedom fighter named "the torch" after the underground newspaper in order to save the grand duchy. he then sets out to right the wrongs and capture the heart of the woman he loves.
corpus document1937
son of the navy
racing to his battleship the uss florida, chief gunners mate mike malone attempts to hitchhike to the naval base san diego and runs into tommy and his cairn terrier terry who are runaways from an orphanage. the scheming tommy gets the two a lift to the base. at the base and frightened of being discovered he's a runaway, tommy meets steve moore, the daughter of a chief petty officer and gives her the impression that mike is his father, especially after steve saw tommy see mike off. steve spreads the word that mike is a runaway father abandoning his child getting him in trouble with his ship's captain and fellow chief petty officers.
corpus document1938
sporting blood
in need of money, myles vanders returns to his old virginia home, once a thriving horse farm that has fallen on hard times. years have gone by but he still is subject to resentment of the community for myles' father having scandalously run off with neighboring stable owner davis lockwood's wife. myles manages to persuade lockwood to lend him $3,000 to train and enter his horse skipper in an upcoming stakes race. myles must put up his farm as collateral. lockwood tells his daughters linda and joan not to associate with myles or trust him. linda says he should be given a fair chance, while joan attracts a romantic interest from myles. a fire injures myles's horse and all but ruins his chances for repaying his debt. things get worse when joan elopes with a wealthy man while myles learns a servant of lockwood's started the fire. a sympathetic linda offers him her horse, miss richmond, to enter in the race. myles does so, also marrying linda to incur lockwood's wrath. she leaves him when she sees this side of myles, but he comes to his senses, wins her back and wins the race.
corpus document1939
spring parade
based on a story by ernst marischka, the film is about an hungarian woman who attends a viennese fair and buys a card from a gypsy fortune teller which says she will meet someone important and is destined for a happy marriage. soon after the woman gets a job as a baker's assistant and meets a handsome army drummer who dreams of becoming a famous composer and conductor, but is held back by the military which discourages original music. wanting to help the army drummer, the woman sends one of his waltzes to the austrian emperor with his weekly order of pastries, which leads to the tuneful and joyous fulfillment of the gypsy's prediction.
corpus document1940
star dust
amalgamated pictures is seeking new stars for its motion pictures. talent scout thomas brooke hits the road, looking for newcomers to bring back for screen tests, hopefully to impress the studio's boss, dane wharton. brooke discovers a football player in arizona who can sing, bud borden, and a talented texas singer, mary andrews. on a visit to arkansas, his presence is discovered by aspiring actress carolyn sayres, who schemes to get brooke to take an interest in her. he does, at least until he finds out she's still a bit too young. everyone travels to hollywood for screen tests and a visit to grauman's chinese theater, where they get a kick out of the footprints of movie stars embedded in the cement. brooke encounters the casting director's own new find, june lawrence, a singer. he clashes with the studio, which offers a contract only to mary and sends his other discoveries home. carolyn doesn't take no for an answer and comes back. brooke now gets in her corner and schemes to insert footage from her screen test into a theater's newsreel. the next thing they all know, carolyn is not only a star, grauman's is inviting her to be immortalized in cement.
corpus document1941
stranger on the third floor
reporter michael ward is the key witness in a murder trial. his evidence — that he saw the accused, joe briggs, standing over the body of a man in a diner — is instrumental in having briggs found guilty. afterwards, ward’s fiancée jane is worried whether ward was correct in what he saw, and ward becomes haunted by this question. next, ward’s neighbor is killed the same way as the man in the diner, but ward comes under suspicion and is arrested after he finds the body, notifies the police and points out the similarities. as a result, jane sets out to try to clear ward by finding the odd-looking stranger ward saw on the stairwell.
corpus document1942
strike up the band
jimmy connors (mickey rooney), a student at riverwood high school, plays the drums in the school band but dreams of playing in a dance band. he and his "pal" mary holden (judy garland) sell the school principal on the idea of forming a dance orchestra and putting on a dance to raise money. the principal is initially doubtful but then agrees to buy the first ticket. the event is a success, and the school's debt for the instruments is paid off. famous band leader paul whiteman (played by himself) sponsors a contest in chicago for the best high school musical group, and jimmy decides that the band must compete. in three weeks, the kids write, plan, and put on a show. the melodrama, called "nell from new rochelle", is also a success and raises almost enough money for the band to go to chicago, but they're still short. a loan from whiteman himself solves that problem. however, when a member of the band is injured and needs a critical and urgent operation, the band uses the money so that the injured student can be flown to chicago for the operation. the band gets a last minute gift of a free ride on a fast train to chicago. the band competes in chicago and wins the $500 prize. jimmy gets the honor of leading all of the bands in a grand finale performance.
corpus document1943
susan and god
susan (joan crawford), a flighty society matron, returns from europe earlier than expected waxing enthusiastic about a new religious movement. she is estranged from her intelligent and sensitive husband, barrie (fredric march) – who has been driven to drink by his wife's insensitivity – and she has neglected her introverted and maladjusted daughter, blossom (rita quigley). barrie tries to meet her boat as it arrives in new york city, but she avoids him and absconds to the country home of her friend, irene burroughs (rose hobart). while at the house, her fervor and sermonizing alienates friends "hutchie" and leonora (nigel bruce and rita hayworth) by insisting leonora leave her elderly husband and return to the stage. susan also insults irene by telling her that she's unsuited for her lover, mike (bruce cabot). while they all blow off susan's musings, it sticks with them, and barrie comes to the house to beg for forgiveness. he asks her to give him another chance for the sake of their daughter blossom, and offers to grant finally susan the divorce she seeks if he takes another drink. susan consents and agrees to spend the summer with the family, thus making blossom very happy. at first, barrie is taken in by susan's new passion, believing it is a sign of maturity, but he suffers disappointment when he realizes it is simply another manifestation of her shallowness. gradually, susan begins to understand the pain she has caused her family and determines to put her own house in order before meddling in the lives of others.
corpus document1944
swiss family robinson
in london in 1813, a swiss father, william robinson (thomas mitchell), wishes to escape the influence of the superficial profligacy of london on his family. his eldest son, fritz (tim holt), is obsessed with napoleon, whom he considers his hero. his middle son, jack (freddie bartholomew), is a foolish dandy who cares only about fashion and money. and his dreamy son ernest (terry kilburn) is preoccupied with reading and writing to the exclusion of all else. william robinson sells his business and house, in order to move with his wife and four sons to australia. they set out on a brig bound for the faraway country. following a long voyage, the family is shipwrecked on a remote deserted island after the captain and crew are washed overboard during a storm. the family members collaborate to create a home for themselves in the alien jungle environment. they gradually learn to use the unfamiliar plants and animals to create what they need to live and thrive. they have many adventures and challenges and make many discoveries. the mother (edna best), however, misses her elegant home and community in england, and wishes to somehow be rescued and return. the father slowly convinces her that living in the natural environment is better for the family and that they are meant to be there.
corpus document1945
tear gas squad
tommy mccabe (dennis morgan) is a cocky nightclub singer who gets his jollies out of making fun of the local police force. in fact, his act includes a parody of a policeman. this does not prove amusing to pretty jerry sullivan (gloria dickson), the daughter of a police lieutenant (harry shannon), nor to jerry's flatfoot boyfriend bill morrissey (john payne). falling in love with jerry himself, tommy joins the police force, where he is subject to the rigorous training program applied by morrissey. eventually suspended from the police because of his carelessness, tommy ends up saving the day by saving morrisey's life. tommy is finally reinstated in the force, thus rewarding jerry's faith in him.[4]
corpus document1946
terry and the pirates
young explorer terry lee and his grown-up sidekick, pat ryan, arrive in the asian jungles in search of terry's father, dr. herbert lee. the elder lee is an archaeologist and leader of a scientific expedition seeking evidence of a lost civilization. soon terry discovers his father has been kidnapped by an armed pirate gang known as the tiger men. the gang is led by the evil master fang, a local warlord who controls half of the natives and holds the white settlers in fear. fang is seeking the riches hidden beneath the sacred temple of mara. terry meets the dragon lady, who is determined her kingdom shall not be invaded. attacked by fang, his henchman stanton and the tiger men, terry and pat try valiantly to locate the missing dr. lee, uncover the secrets of the lost civilization, and recover the hidden treasure of mara. after joining forces with connie, normandie and the dragon lady, the heroes have myriad varied adventures in the inhospitable environment.
corpus document1947
texas rangers ride again
ellen dangerfield returns to her grandparents' ranch in texas after a ten-year absence when her widowed grandmother cecilia dangerfield loses three thousand head of cattle to rustlers. fed up with her grandson carter's unwillingness to track down the thieves, cecilia appeals to her old beau, ben caldwalder, of the texas rangers, for help. to infiltrate the rustlers, ranger jim kingston poses as an outlaw known as the pecos kid and is hired by joe yuma, who owns the packing company. there, jim learns that joe has been slaughtering dangerfield cattle and disposing their carcasses in a lime pit. with his partner, mace townsley, jim sets out to learn who else is involved in the syndicate. when palo pete, one of yuma's henchmen, tries to frame jim for the murder of ranch hand jake porter, ellen returns to her tomboyish ways and takes up her rifle to defend the ranch hands. that night, yuma and his men slaughter more cattle on the ranch, and after dismantling their operation, take a convoy of trucks to the portos packing company. mace manages to send a message to the rangers, and they apprehend carter, who has been involved with the rustlers all along. jim returns to the ranch to get carter's address book when yuma and his men attack the dangerfield house. as ellen, jim, ben and cecilia return the rustlers' fire, the dangerfields' mexican servant, mio pio, risks his life to get more ammunition. after the rangers arrive to apprehend the rustlers, jim and ellen plan to wed and ben orders cecilia to marry him. [1]
corpus document1948
that gang of mine
old horseman ben (clarence muse) brings his beloved thoroughbred bluenight to new york from kentucky in hopes of developing him into a championship racer. because the old man is down on his luck, the east side boys offer to provide a makeshift quarters for bluenight, and algy wilkes (eugene francis) persuades his father (milton kibbee) to put up the entrance fee for the horse. muggs maloney (leo gorcey), an aspiring but untested jockey, rides bluenight in the race, but loses his nerve on the track, causing bluenight to trail in the field. seated in the stands is morgan (forrest taylor), a respected trainer, who recognizes the horse's ability and urges mr. wilkes to race the horse with an experienced jockey. however, muggs insists upon doing the riding, and his pals induce mr. wilkes to give him another chance. complications arise the night before the race when nick (wilbur mack), a crooked bookie, tries to sabotage bluenight. the boys discover the plot and save the horse, but the next day, muggs realizes that he cannot guide the horse to victory. with the use of his fists, he convinces jockey jimmy sullivan (nick wall) to take his place, and bluenight finishes the race the winner.
corpus document1949
they drive by night
brothers joe (george raft) and paul fabrini (humphrey bogart) are independent truck drivers who make a meager living transporting goods. joe convinces paul to start their own small, one-truck business, staying one step ahead of loan shark farnsworth (an uncredited charles halton), who is trying to repossess their truck. at one stop, joe is attracted to waitress cassie hartley (ann sheridan). later, the brothers pick up a hitchhiker going to los angeles; joe is pleased when it turns out to be cassie, who quit after her boss tried to get a bit too friendly with her. while en route, they witness a truck, its driver asleep at the wheel, go off the road and explode in flames. when they return to los angeles, paul is reunited with his patient though worried wife, pearl (gale page), who would rather have paul settle down in a safer, more regular job. joe finds cassie a place to stay, and starts seeing her. just after the brothers finally pay off farnsworth, paul falls asleep at the wheel, causing an accident that costs him his right arm and wrecks their truck. lana carlsen (ida lupino) has wanted joe for years, but joe has always rebuffed her advances, especially since she is married to trucking business owner and former driver ed carlsen (alan hale, sr.), a good friend of joe's. when ed hires joe as a driver, lana persuades her husband to make him the traffic manager instead (and starts dropping by the office frequently). joe spurns lana's advances. one night, when lana drives a drunk, unconscious ed home from a party, she murders him on impulse, leaving him in the garage with the car motor still idling. when the police investigate, she persuades them it was an accident. she later gives joe a half-interest as a partner in the business in a subsequent attempt to attract him. bitter over his inability to support his wife, paul returns to work as a dispatcher for joe. joe does a fine job managing the business, but when lana learns he plans to marry cassie, she becomes so enraged, she reveals to him that she killed ed so that she could have him. she then goes to the police accusing joe of forcing her to help commit murder. during the trial, the weight of circumstantial evidence looks bad for joe, but a guilt-ridden lana breaks down on the witness stand, laughing hysterically and claiming the electric garage doors made her do it. the case against joe is dismissed after lana is determined to be insane. joe considers going back to the road, but cassie, paul and the boys manage to convince him otherwise. he thus returns to the trucking business that he had dreamed of owning, with paul as his traffic manager and cassie as his bride-to-be.
corpus document1950
they knew what they wanted
when visiting san francisco, tony patucci, an ageing illiterate winegrower from the napa valley, sees waitress amy peters and falls in love. returning home, he persuades his foreman joe, an incorrigible womanizer, to write her a letter in tony's name. tony's courtship by mail culminates with a proposal, and when she requests a picture of him, he sends one of joe. amy accepts and goes to napa to be married. although horrified to discover that her prospective husband is the portly tony, she decides to go through with the marriage. however, while tony is in bed after an accident, amy and joe have an affair. two months later, as tony plans the wedding, she discovers that she is pregnant. upon learning this, tony pummels joe, who leaves the vineyards. but forgives amy, and insists that they still be married, but she is unable to forgive herself, so she leaves with the priest who's come to marry them, while tony looks on, hoping that she will return one day.
corpus document1951
third finger, left hand
new york magazine editor margot sherwood "merrick" (myrna loy) invents a husband (who is conveniently away in remote corners of the world) mainly to safeguard her job; the magazine publisher's jealous wife has had the last two women in her position fired after mere months. it also comes in handy keeping aggressive men at bay, as margot is determined to succeed in her career. magazine photographer august winkel (felix bressart) helps by writing letters supposedly from "tony merrick". one day, she goes to meet a friend arriving on a passenger ship. however, when she enters her friend's cabin, she finds some paintings, but no friend. soon after, art dealer mr. flandrin (donald meek) shows up to examine the works. irritated by flandrin's brusk attitude and certain that she can get a better deal for her friend, margot orders him to leave. however, margot's friend had gotten off at a prior stop, and the paintings actually belong to jeff thompson (melvyn douglas). jeff runs into flandrin on deck, only to learn that the insulted dealer is no longer interested in selling his artwork. when jeff confronts margot, she promises to straighten things out. masquerading as an enthusiastic rival dealer, she manipulates flandrin into offering jeff a much better deal than he had ever expected. mollified, jeff offers to take her out to dinner to celebrate. she declines, but when her lawyer boyfriend philip booth (lee bowman) has to cancel their date, she changes her mind. at the nightclub, a drunken acquaintance spots margot and mentions her husband, forcing margot to improvise and tell jeff that it was merely a passing infatuation in rio de janeiro. he believes her at first, but then some inconsistencies in her story cause him to check up on her; he concludes that there is no tony merrick. to teach her a lesson, he shows up at her family mansion and announces to her father (raymond walburn), younger sister (bonita granville), and butler (halliwell hobbes) that he is tony. he is welcomed with open arms. margot has no choice but to go along with the deception. the next morning, she confesses all to philip in order to get some legal advice. philip tells her she cannot "divorce" a man to whom she is not even married. he suggests she first marry him discreetly, then divorce him publicly. philip convinces a reluctant jeff to go along. the couple head off to niagara falls to get married. at the falls, jeff runs into some friends from his ohio hometown, wapakoneta. margot takes the opportunity to exact some revenge, pretending to be a very uncouth wife, complete with an exaggerated new york accent. margot, jeff, and philip then board a train to drop jeff off in ohio. margot and philip plan to go on to reno to secure the divorce, then get married themselves. however, jeff starts having second thoughts. to buy time, he hires african american train porter sam (who has been studying law by correspondence) to draw out the property settlement negotiations. it works. when jeff gets off the train, margot goes with him.
corpus document1952
those were the days!
on their 35th wedding anniversary, we hear the story of how the couple met in college. p. j. "petey" simmons is a wealthy newcomer, so rival fraternities fight over him. his ego swells as frat boys and comely co-eds alike bide for his time. petey keeps getting into trouble, too, including an arrest. at a school dance, petey's shy roommate has worked up the nerve to invite campus beauty mirabel allstairs to be his date. the increasingly arrogant petey ignores his own date, martha scroggs, dancing with other girls instead. petey pulls pranks on campus, going so far as to change a professor's clocks to delay an exam. a later act of vandalism leads to yet another arrest. this time the judge threatens to throw the book at petey, sentencing him to six months in jail. petey asks for a week's continuance before sentencing, then uses the time to court martha, having discovered her to be the daughter of the judge. once his scheme is revealed, petey is locked in the town jail by the angry judge. martha is smitten with him now, however, throws a rock to get arrested so she can end up in the next cell, holding hands with petey between the bars. back in the present, the old judge still can't believe how his daughter and son-in-law ended up together. they also hear that petey jr. has just been placed under arrest, which doesn't surprise the judge a bit.
corpus document1953
three faces west
two refugees, a medical doctor and his 20-something-year-old daughter arrive in the usa from nazi-annexed austria end up in becoming the much-needed physician and nurse in a small north dakota farm town. the local town located in the area known as the dust bowl and is being hard hit by the drought and dust storms. the local farmers and townspeople want to try to save their farms and the town by adopting newer farming methods, but are eventually convinced by the department of agriculture, and the continuing dust storms to pack up the whole town and move en masse to an undeveloped portion of oregon, where a new dam will create a water supply for them to build a new farming community. in a modern-day version of an old wagon train, the town moves to oregon under john phillips's leadership, not without differences of opinion and friction among the followers. the doctor and his daughter take a detour to san francisco when they learn that the daughter's fiance was not killed by the nazis in austria, but has come to america. it turns out that the fiance has embraced nazism, which sends the doctor and his daughter back to rejoin the transplanted town in oregon, where the daughter marries phillips.
corpus document1954
'til we meet again
total strangers dan hardesty (george brent) and joan ames (merle oberon) meet by chance in a bar in hong kong. they share a single drink before leaving, called by dan the "paradise cocktail". they romantically shatter their glasses, which dan tells joan is a tradition connected with the drink, along with leaving the broken stems crossed. outside, after joan has left, dan is handcuffed by lieutenant steve burke of the san francisco police (pat o'brien). burke has spent a year chasing the convicted murderer around the world. by chance, burke takes dan aboard the same ocean liner to san francisco that joan is taking. once they are underway, steve allows dan the freedom of the ship. dan and joan fall in love, but they are both facing death. dan has been sentenced to be hanged and joan has only weeks or at best months to live, due to a weak heart. also aboard are two of dan's crooked friends, "la comtesse de bresac" (binnie barnes) and rockingham t. rockingham (frank mchugh, reprising essentially the same role he played in the earlier one way passage). they help plan dan's escape at honolulu, the only stop along the way. la comtesse, actually a con artist trained by dan and in love with him herself, is assigned to keep steve occupied. a romance develops between the mismatched pair. just before they reach honolulu, steve has dan put in the ship's brig. however, la comtesse slips steve some sleeping pills and gets the key. dan makes his break, but is spotted by joan. he agrees to postpone his "business" and go with her on a mountain outing as they had planned. they spend a blissful few hours together. on the way back, dan stops and gets out of the rented car before they reach the pier, as they hear the signal to board the ship. this sudden and unexplained act agitates joan so much that she collapses. dan carries her back aboard ship, much to the dismay of his friends. the ship's doctor tells dan about joan's bleak prognosis. later, when they reach san francisco, a newspaper reporter informs joan of dan's fate. she rushes to see him one last time. they bid each other goodbye, promising to reunite at a bar in mexico city on new year's eve, each knowing they will both be unable to keep the appointment. at midnight on new year's eve, the bartenders at the rendezvous are surprised when two glasses break of their own accord and the stems are crossed.
corpus document1955
too many girls
mr casey's daughter, connie, wants to go to pottawatomie college and without her knowledge he sends four football players as her bodyguards. the college is in financial trouble and her bodyguards use their salary to help the college. the football players join the college team, and the team becomes one of the best. one of the football players, clint, falls in love with connie, but when she discovers he is her bodyguard, she decides to go back east. the bodyguards follow her, leaving the team in the lurch.
corpus document1956
torrid zone
steve case (pat o'brien) has to deal with trouble at his tropical fruit company's central american banana plantation. a revolutionary, rosario la mata (george tobias), is stirring up unrest among the workers, and the only man who can handle the situation, foreman nick butler (james cagney), has just quit. steve manages to persuade nick to stick around (for a big bonus). adding to the complications is lee donley (ann sheridan), a woman whom steve has ordered out of the region for causing a different kind of trouble among the men. there is a 'third term' joke that refers to the 1940 election. the film borrowed plot elements from 'the front page' and 'red dust' and ended with cagney saying to sheridan "you and that 14-carat oomph", a studio 'in-joke' in reference to sheridan's title as the 'oomph girl'.
corpus document1957
trail of the vigilantes
undercover agent tim "kansas" mason is sent from the east deep into the mid-west to investigate the murder of a newspaperman. kansa arrives in the middle of a bar fight, when the sheriff, corley, and his deputies defend themselves against local cowboy swanee and his valet meadows. kansas manages to take the wrong side in the brawl. the commotion stops when swanee's boss, john thornton, and mark dawson from the cattlemen's protective association arrive on the scene. kansas is hired by thornton as a cowboy and he returns with the rest of the cowboys to the ranch. thornton's teenage daughter, barbara, instantly falls in love with kansas. he soon learns that this ranch and other ones that have refused to become members of the cattlemen's association, have been victims of vandalism. kansas is therefore suspicious and decides to search dawson's office for clues. he finds proof that dawson has been taking money from the association for various unknown purposes. unfortunately, dawson walks in on kansas when he is in the office, but he manages to escape and brings the proof with him. dawson reports the break-in to the police and make them arrest kansas. the other cowboys at the ranch rescues him from the town jail, and they know that he is a federal marshal undercover. kansas deduces that dawson and his men pan to rob the cattlemen's money, $20,000 in total. with the help of the other cowboys, kansas manages to take the box with all the money before dawson gets it. jailed for robbery, kansas is rescued by bolo, meadows and swanee, who know that he is a federal marshal. dawson tries to frame kansas, claiming that he has robbed the cattlemen of its money. again he tries to get kansas arrested, but the other cowboys all testify on kansas behalf. having retrieved the money, dawson plans to leave town, but the sheriff has got hold of the proof of dawson's illegal activities and plans. kansas and the three cowboys ride into town to confront dawson and stop him, and meet him at the saloon. when kansas' horse runs amok into the saloon, scared by gunfire, the rest of the cowboys manage to overpower and apprehend dawson and hs men. after dawson's men are put behind bars, kansas remains in town and marries barbara, settling down as a full-time cowboy.[1]
corpus document1958
tugboat annie sails again
in this sequel in the series about "tugboat" annie brennan, skipper on the narcissus, she is still feuding with her arch-rival, captain bullwinkle, a washington state tugman. annie's volatile personality makes her come very close to losing her job as captain. the company she works for, secoma towing and salvage company, gets into real financial trouble when it fails to pay a due invoice of $25,000. annie has to run the company while the president, alec severn, is at the bank trying to fix things. annie gets explicit orders to steer clear of the new shipyard owner, millionaire j.b. armstrong, but she still goes into negotiations with him, trying to get him to sign a profitable contract with the company. of course the attempt turns into a complete failure, when annie mistakes the millionaire for another man, treating him harshly and even manages to throw him into a heap of fish. the result is that the shipyard owner cancels the already existing contract with the company altogether. on top of this, annie's rival bullwinkle tricks her into going out to sea to salvage a ship that turns out to be a whale. she manages to save the day after all when she pulls a big ship off a ground, after bullwinkle has failed to do the same. annie demands $25,000 as payment for the tugging, and the invoice can be paid after all. alec's confidence in annie is restored and he sends her to negotiate a big job of towing a dry dock all the way to alaska for the shipyard owner armstrong. this negotiation too ends in failure, since he doesn't want to give the job to a woman. shrewdly, annie goes around this obstacle, by appointing her old friend mike mahoney as captain temporarily. however, it turns out mahoney has become a helpless drunk, and annie has to step in to save the situation after all. still, problems keep surfacing, and annie finds armstrong's spoiled daughter, peggy, on the ship. she has hidden there to accompany her lover eddie kent, who is annie's young ward. during a storm at sea, annie is then forced to leave the dock on a beach to save it from breaking and sinking in the waves. she also has to go ashore to hospitalize mahoney, who has become very sick. when she is ashore, bullwinkle steals the dock and claims finders keepers on it, according to general salvage rules. when the contract seems to have been breached, alec fires annie who was in charge of letting the dock go. before retiring entirely, annie looks into the salvage laws, and find that a dry dock doesn't count as a ship and the salvage claim therefore doesn't apply to it. she wins the dock back from bullwinkle, and is reinstated as captain again.[1]
corpus document1959
turnabout
tim and sally willows (john hubbard and carole landis) are a spoiled well-off couple who constantly bicker and cannot agree on anything. tim willows is considered to be the main cog in the machinery of his own advertising company manning, willows, and claire. his wife sally is his exact opposite, pampering herself in their home all day. and when tim gets home, they start arguing, constantly watched by a strange indian idol they got from a distant relative of tim's. they call it mr. ram. after one extraodinarily stressful day at the office, tim comes home to find sally in the bath, and they start arguing like never before. in the heat of the moment, tim expresses a wish to switch places with his lazy wife, to see how she goes about her days at nearly half speed. sally also makes the same wish, seriously doubting the strain of running the advertising firm, having fun all day long. the indian idol on the wall overhears their respective wishes and makes them come true, speaking loudly from its place on the wall. when the couple wake up the next morning they have indeed switched places and bodies with each other. chaos ensues, as active tim stays home with the servants and wives of his colleagues all day, in sally's body, while she goes to work and manages to be rude to the firm's biggest client. sally also succeeds in landing another client that tim had denied business before. when the couple finally meet again in their home at night, they both beg on their bare knees to switch back into their regular bodies again. their wish is granted this time too, and life goes back to normal. tim has to clean up the mess sally made at the firm, and she apologizes to all their friends. they blame everything on the fact that sally is pregnant. when everything seems to be just fine and dandy again, mr. ram explains that he made a mistake when changing them back into their ordinary bodies, and as it now happens, tim is the one who is pregnant.[1]
corpus document1960
two girls on broadway
molly mahoney (joan blondell) forms a vaudeville act with her fiancé eddie kerns (george murphy). working at a local dance school, she longs to become a star performing on broadway. eddie persuades her to leave town for new york city, and after their arrival, eddie debuts on the radio with his so-called singing canaries. although the canaries are unable to sing, eddie is not, and following an impressive debut he is offered a job at the station. he convinces co-worker buddy bartell (richard lanez) to grant molly and her little sister pat (lana turner) an audition. what promised to be a big opportunity turns into the start of noticeable tensions between the sisters, when bartell announces he wants to team eddie and pat. molly, meanwhile, is offered a degrading job selling cigarettes. instead of complaining, molly swallows her pride and allows pat to take the limelight meant for her. meanwhile, wealthy and often-married playboy 'chat' chatsworth (kent taylor) falls for pat and starts flirting with her. after a while, molly finds out about chat's wild past through her gossipy friend jed marlowe (wallace ford), and tries to warn her sister. her worries turn out to be unnecessary, though, as pat feels more attracted to eddie. she does not want to hurt molly's feeling or ruin her engagement, and decides to return home. molly, who is unaware of pat's motives for leaving, insists that she stay. thinking it is the only way of forgetting her feelings for eddie, pat accepts a proposal from chat and elopes with him. when eddie hears about this, he is alarmed, because he had been secretly in love with pat the entire time. he admits his true feeling for pat to molly, and is encouraged to follow her. however, upon arriving at the apartment, eddie finds out that pat and chat have already left. overhearing one of chat's servants of pat and chat's whereabouts, eddie rushes to city hall. breaking up a wedding ceremony that has already begun, eddie professes his love for pat. with the blessing of molly, pat and eddie decide to marry, while molly returns home.
corpus document1961
typhoon
a young girl abandoned on a south seas island falls in love with a worthless seafarer.
corpus document1962
untamed
a doctor takes a hunting trip to the canadian wilderness. when he gets badly mauled by a bear, his life is saved by his guide, joe easter (tamiroff). easter takes the doctor to his cabin, where he is nursed to recovery by easter's young beautiful wife alverna. they fall in love. easter leaves for an extended hunting trip, while the doctor and alverna grapple with their feelings for each other, a blizzard, and an epidemic.
corpus document1963
up in the air
frankie ryan works as a page boy at a radio station located in hollywood. his friend jeff works in the same place, but as a porter. their real dream is to perform as radio comedians on the air, with their own show. unfortunately they haven't convinced anyone about their great sense of humor yet. when they try to help the station receptionist, anne mason, by setting up a false audition for the position as singer, they are almost fired for their antics. the station has financial problems related to their current moody singer rita wilson, and try to find a way to get rid of her. their prayers are heard when rita is shot and killed during a blackout when she is rehearsing for a broadcast. police detectives marty phillips and delaney arrive at the scene, and even though they haven't found the murder weapon, they start suspecting a wannabe cowboy singer, tex barton, who tried to slip out the back door after the shooting. he was in the audience when rita was rehearsing before the blackout. station producer farrell is afraid of being suspected as well, since he had an argument with rita not long before the shooting. he asks frankie, who overheard the discussion, to not tell the police about it. as a sign of gratitude, farrell promises to give anne a real audition for the position as singer, which is empty since rita is gone. frankie soon finds the weapon used to shoot rita, hidden in a ventilator duct. it turns out the gun belongs to tex, and has been used in a prior shooting by a woman named gladys wharton. when frankie and jeff audition for a comedy spot on air (with frankie in blackface as a disguise), the police come looking for tex. later, tex is found murdered in the office of the station owner. frankie and jeff decide to do a little investigation of their own, and search tex's room to see if they can find anything. the only thing of interest is a picture of anne, suggesting that her real name is gladys. anne is therefore suspected of the murder and arrested by the police. however, a while later she makes bail and is released. frankie discovers from a radio station in cheyenne that the shooter gladys wharton was a blonde woman who fell for one of her superiors and left her husband - tex. since anne is a true brunette, frankie concludes that rita could be gladys instead of anne. when all the station executives are gathered in one room by the police, one of them, van martin, pulls out a gun and confesses to both crimes. when jeff enters the room unannounced, he accidentally knocks the gun out of van's hand and the police arrest him.[1]
corpus document1964
vigil in the night
in great britain, vigil in the night nurse anne lee (carole lombard) takes the blame for a fatal error made by her sister lucy (anne shirley), also a nurse, and is forced to leave the hospital where they both work. she moves to a large city where she procures a job at another hospital and falls in love with dr. robert prescott (brian aherne). overcoming obstacles and personal tragedy along the way, anne and prescott work together to bring about better conditions for the care of the sick as well as fighting a smallpox epidemic which threatens to overwhelm all those around them.
corpus document1965
virginia city
union officer kerry bradford (errol flynn) stages a daring escape from confederate libby prison run by the commandant, vance irby (randolph scott). bradford reports to union headquarters and is immediately sent to virginia city, a nevada mining town, to find out where $5,000,000 in gold that southern sympathizers plan to ship to the tottering confederacy is being kept. on the westbound stagecoach, he meets and falls in love with the elegant julia hayne (miriam hopkins), who unbeknownst to him is in fact a dance-hall entertainer — and a rebel spy, sent by jefferson davis (charles middleton) to assist in the transfer of the gold by wagon train. also on the stagecoach is the legendary john murrell (humphrey bogart), leader of a gang of "banditos", traveling as a gun salesman. before he and his gang can rob the stage, bradford gets the drop on murrell, who is forced to send his men away. when the stage reaches virginia city, julia gives bradford the slip and heads off to warn captain irby, who is now managing the gold-smuggling operation, that bradford is in town. bradford follows irby to the rebels' hideout behind a false wall in a blacksmith's shop, but the gold is moved before he arrives. the union garrison is called out to patrol the roads to prevent any wagons from leaving town. while irby is meeting with the sympathetic town doctor, murrell shows up looking for someone to set his broken arm. irby offers murrell $10,000 to have his banditos attack the garrison, which will force the union soldiers guarding the roads to come to its defense. while the soldiers are busy, irby's rebels will smuggle the gold out in the false bottoms of their wagons. first irby needs to take care of bradford. he uses julia to arrange a meeting between the two men, and then takes bradford prisoner, intending to return him to prison. the rebels' caravan is stopped at a small union outpost. at first, they are allowed to proceed, but after watching the bullion-laden wagons have difficulty moving through the soft dirt, the soldiers become suspicious and attempt to inspect the wagons. the southerners start a firefight, killing the soldiers. in the confusion, bradford escapes. pursued closely by irby and his men, he rides his horse down a steep incline and ends up somersaulting down the hill. the rebels, believing him dead, continue toward texas. bradford returns to the outpost and sends a telegraph to the garrison. major drewery (douglass dumbrille), the garrison commander, arrives with a contingent of cavalry. drewery, who is scornful of bradford as a soldier, does not take his advice and ends up following a false trail, causing the pursuit to fall ever further behind the rebels, who are themselves fighting thirst, privation, and the unforgiving terrain. bradford is able to persuade drewery to allow him to take a small detachment to follow his hunch. bradford and his men catch up with the caravan which is trapped in a canyon and being attacked by murrell's banditos who are attempting to take the gold. irby is wounded in the gunfight, but bradford's superior military skills and the rebels' long guns eventually drive off the banditos. before he dies, irby delegates command of the caravan and its gold to bradford. during the night, knowing that in the morning both murrell's men and drewery's command will arrive, bradford takes the gold from the wagons and buries it in the canyon to prevent its capture. drewery and his men arrive in the morning in time to crush the outlaws' renewed attack, and murell is killed. bradford refuses to disclose the gold's location and is brought up on charges in a court-martial. he defends his action in that, "as a soldier", he knew the gold might have been used to win the war for the south and prevented that, but "as a man" he knows it belongs to the south and he would prefer that it be used to rebuild the south's shattered economy and wounded pride after the war. the court finds him guilty of high treason and sentences him to death on april 9, 1865. the day before bradford's scheduled execution, julia meets with abraham lincoln (victor kilian, seen only in silhouette) and pleads for bradford's life. lincoln reveals that at that very moment, generals lee and grant are meeting at appomattox courthouse to end the war. as the war is over, and in a symbol of the reconciliation between north and south, lincoln pardons bradford in the spirit of his second inaugural address, "with malice toward none; with charity for all..."
corpus document1966
wagons westward
twin brothers david and tom cook go their separate ways, david as a lawman, tom as an outlaw. the latter is in league with a corrupt sheriff, mcdaniels, and at odds with two members of his gang, hardman and marsden. the honest, upright david has few allies except for an elderly uncle, hardtack. saloon singer phyllis o'conover is in love with tom, even though he has gone bad. due to a case of mistaken identities, she ends up married to his twin. tom considers this unforgivable, even though phyllis was sincerely in love with him, and kills her. david, meanwhile, falls in love with phyllis's jealous older sister, julie. hardman and marsden are ultimately done away with, leading to a showdown between the twins. tom has the drop on david and appears to be the victory until he is shot dead by their uncle.
corpus document1967
waterloo bridge
after britain's declaration of world war ii, roy cronin (robert taylor), an army colonel, is being driven to london's waterloo station en route to france, and briefly alights on waterloo bridge to reminisce about events which occurred during the first world war when he met myra lester (vivien leigh) whom he had planned to marry. while roy gazes at a good luck charm, a billiken that she had given him, the story unfolds. roy, a captain in the rendleshire fusiliers on his way to the front, and myra, a ballerina, serendipitously meet crossing waterloo bridge during an air raid, striking up an immediate rapport while taking shelter. myra invites roy to attend that evening’s ballet performance and an enamored roy ignores an obligatory dinner with his colonel to do so. roy sends a note to myra to join him after the performance, but the note is intercepted by the mistress of the ballet troupe, the tyrannical madame olga (maria ouspenskaya), who forbids myra from having any relationship with roy. they meet anyway at a romantic night spot. roy has to go to the front immediately and proposes marriage but wartime circumstances thwart them from marrying immediately. roy assures myra that his family will look after her while he is away. madame olga learns of myra’s disobedience and dismisses her from the troupe along with fellow dancer kitty (virginia field) when she scolds madame for spoiling myra's happiness. the young women share a small flat and look for work. myra and roy’s mother, lady margaret cronin (lucile watson), arrange to meet, their first introduction to each other. awaiting lady margaret’s belated arrival at a tea room, myra scans a newspaper and faints on finding roy listed among the war dead. unhappily, the dazed myra is taking a long drink of brandy just as lady margaret appears. unable to disclose the dreadful news, her banal and incoherent conversation shocks her prospective mother-in-law, who withdraws without seeking an explanation. myra falls ill with grief and to cover all their expenses, kitty becomes a streetwalker. belatedly, myra, who believed that kitty was working as a stage performer, learns what her friend has done. feeling that she has alienated lady margaret and having no desire to live, the heartbroken myra joins her friend kitty as a prostitute to support them both. a year passes. while offering herself to soldiers on leave arriving at waterloo station, myra catches sight of roy, who is alive and well; he had been wounded and held as a prisoner of war. a reconciliation occurs—a joyous one for roy, a bittersweet one for myra. the couple travels to the family estate in scotland to visit lady margaret, who deduces the misunderstanding that occurred at the tea room. myra is also accepted by roy's uncle, the duke (c. aubrey smith), but he inadvertently feeds her guilt with assertions that she would never bring shame to the family. confronted by the impossibility of a happy marriage, breaking off the engagement seems her only choice. myra discloses the truth to a compassionate lady margaret but is unable to believe herself worthy of marrying roy. myra leaves behind a goodbye note and returns to london. roy follows, and with the aid of kitty, looks for her despite discovering the truth in the process. myra, depressed and returning to the waterloo bridge, takes her own life by walking into the path of a moving truck. in the present, the older roy reminisces about myra's sincere final profession of love only for him. he tucks the charm into his coat pocket, gets into his car, and leaves.
corpus document1968
the westerner
in 1882, the town of vinegaroon, texas, is run by judge roy bean (walter brennan), who calls himself "the only law west of the pecos." conducting his "trials" from his saloon, bean makes a nice corrupt living collecting fines and seizing property unlawfully. those who stand up to him are usually hanged—given what bean calls "suspended sentences". cole harden (gary cooper) is a drifter brought in on a charge of stealing a horse belonging to bean's main sidekick, chickenfoot (paul hurst). harden's conviction by a jury composed of bean's hangers-on seems certain; even the undertaker waits eagerly for the verdict and subsequent hanging. bean dismisses harden's contention that he bought the horse legally from another man. noticing the judge's obsession with the english actress lily langtry, harden claims to have met miss langtry, spoken with her, and to have known her intimately. he cons the judge into delaying the death sentence until harden can send for a lock of the actress' hair, which he supposedly has in el paso. the delay is long enough for the real horse thief (tom tyler) to show up and get killed. despite his warped sense of justice and corrupt nature, bean genuinely likes harden, considering him something of a kindred spirit. harden is as bold and daring as bean was in his youth, and the judge feels something like friendship for him, but this "friendship" does not stop bean from trying to shoot harden when the drifter lends his support to the homesteaders—a group led by jane-ellen mathews (doris davenport) and her father caliphet (fred stone). the struggling homesteaders have been at odds with bean and his cattle-rancher allies for a long time. harden tries to appeal to the judge's better nature. he even saves bean from an attempted lynching. when that fails, and a corn crop is burned, and mr. mathews killed, harden sees no choice but to take action. he gets himself deputized by the county sheriff and swears out an arrest warrant against bean. arresting bean in vinegaroon—now renamed "langtry" by the judge in honor of the actress—is impossible with all of bean's men around. when bean learns that lily langtry will be appearing in a nearby town, a long day's ride from vinegaroon, he has one of his men buy up all the tickets. bean dons his full civil war regalia and rides to see the performance with some of his men as an "honor guard". he enters the theater alone to await the performance, leaving his henchmen outside. unknown to bean, harden has been waiting in the theater to arrest the judge. a standoff and shoot-out occur, and bean is fatally wounded during the gunfight. harden carries his dying friend backstage to meet the woman he has adored for so long. as bean stares at the "jersey lily", he dies. flash forward to two years later, harden and jane, now married and having rebuilt the burned farm, watch as new settlers arrive to the territory.[2][4][5]
corpus document1969
when the daltons rode
law-abiding farmers, the dalton brothers move to kansas to begin a new life. bob dalton meets lawyer tod jackson and persuades him to defend his kin ben dalton in a court case against a corrupt land development company. a melee erupts during the trial, resulting in the daltons needing to shoot their way out of the courtroom. a negative light is cast on the daltons by cronies of the land developers and the press. ben is shot in the back. unable to get by lawfully, the daltons rob a stage coach and their reputation as dangerous outlaws spreads. tod, meantime, has fallen in love with bob dalton's fiancee, julie. he strongly urges the daltons to change their ways, but they defy brother bob and decide to pull one more bank job in kansas, a decision that proves fatal.
corpus document1970
who killed aunt maggie?
radio mystery script writer sally ambler is about to be married, then gets into a quarrel with her intended kirk pierce after he finds the story she wrote too contrived. the wedding is put off when a telegram from her aunt maggie arrives from atlanta to let sally know that her uncle charlie has died. sally is followed to atlanta after a phone call from a dr. benedict warns kirk of danger lurking for sally when she gets there. sally discovers that her uncle's corpse is missing and he might have been murdered. sally is the sole heir after aunt maggie is strangled, and her cousin eve ends up dead as well after finding a secret room. a cache of priceless jade jewelry is involved as it is revealed how dr. benedict has been behind the plot. after he is apprehended just in time, sally and kirk return home, then begin arguing again during their wedding ceremony over what kind of mystery plot is too unbelievable.
corpus document1971
a wild hare
elmer approaches one of bugs' holes, puts down a carrot, and hides behind a tree. bugs' arm reaches out of the hole, feels around, and snatches the carrot. he reaches out again and finds elmer's double-barreled shotgun. his arm quickly pops back into the hole before returning to drop the eaten stub of elmer's carrot and apologetically caress the end of the barrel. elmer shoves his gun into bugs' hole, and thus causes a struggle in which the barrel is bent into a bow. elmer frantically digs into the hole while bugs emerges from a nearby hole with another carrot in his hand, lifts fudd's hat, and raps the top of his head until elmer notices; then chews his carrot and delivers his definitive line, "what's up, doc?". when elmer replies that "he's hunting 'wabbits'", bugs chews his carrot and asks what a wabbit is; then teases elmer by with every aspect of fudd's description until elmer suspects that bugs is a rabbit. bugs confirms this, hides behind a tree, sneaks behind elmer, covers his eyes, and asks "guess who?". elmer tries the names of contemporary screen beauties whose names exploited his accent, before he guesses the rabbit. bugs responds "hmm..... could be!", kisses elmer, and dives into a hole. elmer sticks his head into the hole and gets another kiss from bugs; whereafter he wipes his mouth and decides to set a trap. when bugs puts a skunk in the trap, fudd blindly grabs the skunk and carries it over to the watching bugs to brag; and when elmer sees his mistake, bugs gives him a kiss on the nose, whereupon fudd looks at the skunk, who winks and nudges elmer. fudd winces and gingerly sends the skunk on his way. bugs then offers a free shot at himself; fakes an elaborate death; and plays dead, leaving elmer miserable with remorse; but survives the shot and sneaks up behind the despairing fudd, kicks him in his rear, shoves a cigar into his mouth, and tiptoes away, ballet-style. finally, the frustrated elmer walks away sobbing about "wabbits, cawwots, guns", etc. bugs then begins to play his carrot like a fife, playing the tune the girl i left behind me, and marches with one stiff leg towards his rabbit hole (recalling the spirit of '76).
corpus document1972
winners of the west
the hartford transcontinental railroad is attempting to build a railroad through "hell's gate pass". however, king carter, the self-appointed ruler of the land beyond the pass, does not want this to happen. he sends henchmen, including local indians, to disrupt the construction anyway they can, from sabotage to kidnapping claire hartford, the daughter of the company president. the president's assistant, jeff ramsay, and his sidekicks, stop king carter's schemes at every point and eventually defeat him entirely. this opens the area up to new settlers, the first of which is jeff himself and his new wife claire.
corpus document1973
women in war
socialite pamela starr meets mr tedford, an older man in a london night club. after he escorts her home he tries to enter her flat feeling he has deserved the right to sleep with her as he has paid for her entertainment. pamela thrusts a £5 note in his hands as reimbursement and attempts to enter her room but tedford won't let her. the spirited pamela strikes the drunken tedford sending him across the landing where he crashes through a railing over the stairwell sending tedford to his death. the ensuing court case doesn't go well for pamela as her playgirl lifestyle is paraded as evidence against her and to pamela's surprise mr tedford was actually a british captain on leave from the war front. watching the trial is matron o'neil who was formerly pamela's mother until she divorced her husband and left to go nursing around the troubled world to help those in need. pamela had never known her mother and her late libertine father had denied her moral leadership and discipline in raising her. o'neil and pamela's defence solicitor concoct an arrangement where pamela won't be charged with tedford's death if she volunteers to be an army nurse in france. pamela is assigned to a vad detachment led by matron o'neil with pamela still unaware that o'neil is her mother. pamela's infamous reputation precedes her and furthermore the fiancee of one of her fellow nurses, flt lt larry hall of the raf falls in love with pamela. the tensions of the nurses continue as their detachment is sent to a dangerous area of the battle line.
corpus document1974
you can't fool your wife
young married couple andrew hinklin and clara hinklin née fields, who were college sweethearts, are well matched: both are unexciting and unmotivated, only wanting to carve out a plain, simple uninteresting life for themselves. their marriage is not helped by clara's opinionated mother living with them in their small one bedroom apartment. however, clara does wish that their life would be a little more exciting as andrew said on their honeymoon that their married life would be, least of all by andrew acknowledging their latest wedding anniversary, their fifth. clara's wish takes an unexpected turn when andrew, at work, is assigned to show the visiting mr. battingcourt jr. - the younger half of the head of their london office and who is majority shareholder of their accounting firm - a good time while he's in the us. "batty" as he is affectionately called by his friends is a party animal, and andrew, who batty rechristens "hinky", feels he has to party along all in the name of job security. clara feels that she is losing her stable husband andrew to hinky the party animal. feeling he is partly to blame for the hinklins' marital problems, batty advises clara that she can make herself more exciting to hinky by changing her demeanor and appearance, more like mercedes vasquez, a beautiful and exciting woman who clara could resemble if made up correctly. clara agrees to batty's plan to come to one of their parties masquerading as exotic latina dolores alvaradez, to woo hinky and thus ultimately show him that she can be exotic like he probably now wants. complications ensue when others find out about batty's scheme and when mercedes vasquez also attends that party leading to a few mistaken identities.
corpus document1975
young bill hickok
an agent of an unspecified foreign power (john miljan) plots to take over california during the confusion of the american civil war. he uses morrell and his overland raiders to prevent news from reaching the east. the raiders rustle the stagecoach and pony express horses from the various relay stations to cut all lines of communication to and from the east. bill hickok is sent out to one of the relay stations in hopes that he would be able to keep the ponies from the raiders. calamity and gabby, horse traders for the relay stations, ride up with their indian helpers just as bill finishes off the last few raiders that had attacked his post. bill has been severely hurt so calamity and gabby stick around for a while. during this time, bill’s old fiancée, louise mason, shows up. she wants to make up after their breaking their engagement over her support for the confederacy and bil's for the north. they agree to forget the war; she and bill are soon planning a wedding. however, marshal evans, head of the communication lines, wants bill to take a shipment of gold through to the east to support the federal war effort. bill knows it’s too dangerous to actually take it himself, the raiders would be sure to get it, so he sends the gold with gabby and calamity while pretending to take it himself. the plan backfires when louise tells tower that bill isn’t taking the gold to protect bill from attack. the raiders attack gabby and get away with the gold. bill gets worried when the raiders don’t attack him so he returns to town to see what happened to gabby. the marshal wants to know what went wrong and bill asks for half an hour to find out. after he leaves, tower convinces the men that bill is really at the head of the raiders and that he was getting away. gabby overhears their conversation so he rides to warn bill. bill gets away for the time being but is captured when he returns to town to search tower’s office. gabby helps him escape and they see tower escaping with the gold and the raiders. riding back to the posse that pursued them, bill convinces marshal to follow them. with tower and the raiders locked up and the civil war ended, bill and louise finally get married.
corpus document1976
young buffalo bill
the film takes place in the new mexico territory of the united states in the 1860s. bill cody and his friend gabby whitaker arrive in the new mexico territory sometime in the 1860s, gabby feels the land is worthless as it is filled with nothing but “injins and rocks”. bill begins discussing buffalo until he notices a woman driving a seemingly out of control carriage. bill and gabby stop the horses, but the woman berates them saying she didn’t any help. in town bill and gabby are talking about the previous events, when the woman overhears their conversation and introduces herself as tonia regas. tonia asks both men what they are doing in santa fe and bill says they were called to do a land survey by u.s colonel, joseph calhoun. upon hearing this tonia leaves. at colonel calhoun’s homestead, gabby introduces the colonel to bill. calhoun reveals he knows bill through his excellent reputation with the pony express and as a buffalo hunter. calhoun tells the men that his men have been having trouble with a medicine man named akuna. gabby and bill agree to help. meanwhile tonia arrives at her home where her grandfather, don regas tells her she must never go into town alone again. don regas then expresses his disdain with the survey by the american government to his friend emelio montez. later, montez sends a message to his half-brother, akuna and akuna’s men ride out with rifles. akuna and his men meet with montez. akuna reveals they were born from the same mother, but montez’s father was a white man. montez asks for the location of a gold mine the regas’ land. akuna laments, saying the location is only for the chief, referring to himself, to know. montez says he will find a way to acquire the land from regas and claim the land for their tribe. later colonel calhoun’s son jerry arrives in santa fe. colonel calhoun introduces jerry to bill and gabby, and then tells jerry that although a more experienced is needed, he took a chance to help his son. jerry accompanies, the surveyors out to part of the regas land where they are attacked by akuna’s men, but they it out alive with only one men being injured. back in town jerry and don regas discuss the land agreement. bill tells tonia that the survey is only a formality and when the survey is all over the ranch will still belong to her family. tonia and bill help jerry convince don regas to allow the survey and he complies. jerry spends his nights at a cantina gambling away his money. bill expresses his concern with jerry’s habit, but jerry rebuffs him. jerry soon finds himself $4,000 in debt to the cantina. montez takes advantages of jerry’s misfortune and offers to erase the debt if jerry uses to survey to make sure the northern part of the regas land is not part of the survey. jerry forges the survey, saying the northern territory does not belong to don regas and it is free land. bill and gabby arrive at the regas house to inform them that the survey has been completed. he is not there, but tonia offers to take bill inside to discuss business. bill tells tonia the news as don regas walks in, both are angry and accuse bill and the american government of trying to cheat them. an outraged don regas announces he will take his matter to washington and makes preparations to leave in the morning. tonia is distraught with bill and says she never wants to see him again. later jerry meets with montez. jerry knows that his survey won’t hold up if investigated by washington. montez reveals his plan to kill don regas. jerry wants no part in this and attempts to inform his father, but montez subdues him before he can leave and later has akuna hold him hostage. montez has akuna hide jerry’s body and asks his half-brother to kill don regas. bill and gabby soon find out about the montez’s plan and rush off to stop it. akuna and his men attack don regas and his caravan. killing his drivers and gunners, the carriage overturns and regas is shot trying to defend himself. bill and gabby try to shoot akuna, but they are out of range. bill and gabby take don regas back to town for him to recuperate. akuna goes to montez to deliver the news, but when montez asks for the dead akuna reveals he did not have time to search for it. they return to the wreckage only to find that don regas’ body has been moved. montez sets off to get to the bottom of the situation. back at the regas house, tonia confronts bill about the attack on her grandfather. they are interrupted by montez who tries to kill them. montez flees while bill and gabby give chase. montez, thinking he has lost them, leads bill and gabby directly to akuna’s hideout. bill and gabby make their way past two guards and into the room where jerry is being held. akuna and his men begin firing on the room where the three men are, leaving them trapped. montez and akuna lead a ride into town to attack the regas house, while arrow shooters surround bill, gabby and jerry. bill notices and old war bugle in the room and has gabby play it to scatter the akuna’s remaining men. the olan works and the three escape for town. at the regas home, the workers are trying to defend the home from akuna’s attack. meanwhile colonel calhoun and his men set out for akuna’s hideout, but gabby attempts to lead them back to the regas house. bill arrives at the regas before montez can reach talia and her grandfather and bill manages to subdue montez. akuna and his men are beaten by colonel joseph calhoun and his men. after the commotion, jerry comes clean about forging the survey and tonia reconciles with bill. the film ends with bill singing a love song to tonia and the film
corpus document1977
young people
believing that it's good for their adopted daughter wendy (shirley temple), joe ballantine (jack oakie) and his wife kit (charlotte greenwood) decide to retire their vaudeville act and move the family to a small new england town. but despite wendy's many attempts to charm the locals, the "show folk" are given the cold shoulder. that is, until a hurricane hits the town, and because of the generosity, strength and conviction in the face of disaster, it appears that the troupers just might win over the residents in their new hometown after all.
corpus document1978
young tom edison
the movie follows the imaginative boy tom as he continually gets into mischief and causes accidents locally with his chemical experiments. the townspeople regard him as a troublemaker. as the civil war breaks out, tom starts a business enterprise peddling food and snacks on board trains, and later composing and handing out news sheets to passengers. in a stroke of inspiration, tom at night cleverly focuses light from multiple lamps onto a large mirror, enabling a surgeon to successfully operate on his mother. the story ends with tom desperately signaling in morse code with a train whistle, alerting the engineer of another train filled with passengers to stop before it plunges into a river. these two acts finally vindicate tom who is now a hero.
corpus document1979
you're not so tough
the dead end kids ride a freight train through california. after the kids get arrested for vagrancy, members tom and pig are hired to work on a ranch owned by kindly mama posito. tom learns that posito hasn't seen her son in years, but believes that he may still be alive. in an attempt to steal her money, tom decides to pose as her son. however, posito's benevolency soon gets the best of tom, and he decides to stay with her for love, rather than for greed.
corpus document1980
yukon flight
when an aircraft from the yukon and columbia mail service crashes, sergeant renfrew (james newill) and constable kelly (dave o'brien), of the royal canadian mounted police, suspect murder because they find the control stick jammed. louise howard (louise stanley), a mine owner reports that her superintendent is missing. when he is found murdered, it also is made to look like an accident. the new mail service pilot, bill shipley (warren hull), had trained with renfrew, is a good pilot but reckless. the mounties find louise's assistant raymond (karl hackett) owns the airline managed by "yuke cardoe" (william pawley) and both men had been stealing gold from the mine. they have been shipping it to seattle by aircraft. when renfrew sets a trap, yuke and raymond panic and try to escape in their aircraft, but renfrew and shipley bring them down, after which, renfrew makes a recommendation for shipley to join the royal canadian mounted police as a new pilot.
corpus document1981
an ache in every stake
the stooges are icemen that have fallen asleep in their delivery wagon. their horse wakes them up. curly finds his face and head embedded in a large block of ice after having used it for a pillow. moe and larry break him out of it, and they begin their ice block deliveries. after several deliveries they are called to make a delivery at a house atop a long, high staircase. it s so high that every time they go up, the ice melts to a cube. they make several attempts including relaying it successfully to the top, only to have curly drop it. it is during these attempts and arguments that they bump into mr. lawrence (vernon dent) and ruin his cakes. when the stooges antics cause the servants at their customer's (bess flowers) house to quit, they volunteer to replace them and prepare dinner for her husband's birthday party. unknown to them, her husband is mr. lawrence, whose cakes they had wrecked earlier in the day. while working in the kitchen, larry tells curly to shave some ice — which curly does by placing a block of ice on a chair, slathering the bottom of the block with shaving cream, and using a straight razor to shave off the cream. moe interrupts curly and tells him to go back to stuffing the turkey, which curly does by incorrectly following the stuffing directions. when dinner is served, one of the guests finds a ring and a wristwatch in her stuffing, believing it to be prizes. but the ring & watch turn out to belong to curly, who lost them off his hand while stuffing the turkey. when the birthday cake they prepare is finished, it is accidentally pierced, and it deflates. the boys "re-inflate" the cake using town gas through the gas stove's connection. during the party, the stooges sing a "happy birthday" song to the tune of "london bridge is falling down"; when mr. lawrence blows out the candles, the gas-filled cake explodes. mr. lawrence angrily realizes who the new 'help' are, and the stooges are forced to leave in a hurry, riding a flat board down the stairs, and tumbling off near the bottom.
corpus document1982
adam had four sons
adam stoddard (warner baxter) is a wealthy, easy-going family patriarch who falls on hard times after the death of his wife molly (fay wray) and a stock market crash in 1907 that wipes out his wealth. recently arrived governess emilie (ingrid bergman) works to keep the family together. but with the loss of adam's fortune, the boys are sent off to boarding school, their schooling paid for by wealthy, aged cousin phillipa (helen westley). emilie must return to france until adam can afford to repurchase the family estate and recall her to look after it. reversing his fortunes takes adam several years. by then, the three older boys are fighting in world war i. then, just as the family is getting back to its former way of life... one son, david (johnny downs) returns with his new wife, hester (susan hayward), who turns out be a conniving, evil woman wanting to rule the roost. cousin phillipa figures out the false hester, dying before she can tell adam. hester schemes to rid the home of emilie, and seduces another son, jack (richard denning), while her husband is away at war. emilie discovers the affair, but keeps quiet to preserve adam's happiness and the brother's reputation, pretending to adam that she was the one involved with jack. later, when david returns, hester inadvertently exclaims "oh, jack" while david is caressing her. realizing her infidelity, david leaves to commit suicide by flying a plane and crashing on a stormy night. yet, he is hospitalized and survives. ultimately, all is discovered, and hester receives her comeuppance and is evicted from the home. emilie and adam become engaged, and all ends happily. (the youngest brother, phillip, is involved with their neighbor, vance.)
corpus document1983
adventures of captain marvel
during an archaeological expedition to siam's volcanic valley of the tombs to find the lost secret of the scorpion kingdom, a device of great power, the golden scorpion, is discovered hidden inside a sealed crypt. while examining it, the device's quartz lenses are aligned and powerful energy beam erupts, causing an explosion, resealing the crypt. this allows young radio broadcaster and expedition member billy batson, who obeyed the warning on the crypt's seal not to enter, to be chosen by the ancient wizard shazam. the wizard grants billy the powers of captain marvel whenever he repeats the wizard's name. captain marvel's powers can be used only to protect those in danger from the curse of the golden scorpion. the crypt's entrance is quickly cleared, then captain marvel utters "shazam!" and quickly resumes his billy batson alter ego. the golden scorpion's power lenses are divided among the scientists of the malcolm archaeological expedition so that its power can only be used by agreement of the entire group, who then return to the u. s. after their discovery. an all-black-garbed-and-hooded criminal mastermind, calling himself the scorpion, steals the ancient device after their return and sets about acquiring the distributed lenses. several expedition members are killed in the scorpion's quest, despite captain marvel's continual efforts to thwart his plan. deducing that the scorpion always seems to know what happens during the scientists' meetings, billy later confides to his friends, betty wallace and whitey murphy, his suspicion that the scorpion may be one of the malcolm archaeological team. discovering that one of the golden scorpion's power lenses was purposely left behind, cleverly hidden in the very crypt where it was first discovered, billy batson and the surviving scientists agree it must be retrieved. they return by cargo ship to siam where, near landfall, they barely survive a typhoon before finally being rescued by captain marvel. they eventually retrieve the hidden lens, but it is stolen by the scorpion. by accident, from a distance, the scorpion observes captain marvel transforming back into billy batson. capturing billy and gagging him, the scorpion interrogates him about his secret. billy's tape gag is removed when he agrees to talk. "shazam"! is his only response, and he transforms in a flash of light and smoke into captain marvel. the scorpion's identity is then revealed to be one of the last surviving scientists, who is killed by a siamese native who turns the idol's ray on him, vaporizing him. captain marvel tosses the golden scorpion and its power lenses into a volcano's molten lava to prevent them from ever being used for evil. upon its destruction, captain marvel is instantly transformed back into billy batson forever, the danger from the device's curse having now been eliminated.
corpus document1984
affectionately yours
foreign correspondent rickey mayberry (dennis morgan) hurriedly flies back from spain to the u.s. to keep his wife from divorcing him, but he's followed on the flight by love interest irene malcolm (rita hayworth). mayberry's wife sue (merle oberon) has indeed divorced him, although she still loves him. the comedy of errors is compounded by irene and also by rickey's boss (james gleason), who both conspire to keep the couple apart.
corpus document1985
all-american co-ed
quinceton college zeta fraternity stages a revue with members in drag. the resulting publicity catches the attention of newspaperman hap holden (harry langdon) and virginia collinge (frances langford). they convince virginia's aunt matilda collinge (esther dale), president of failing mar brynn (a woman's horticultural college), to refute the school's staid image by sponsoring a contest awarding a dozen free scholarships aimed at "unusual girls", winners of pagents for fruits, vegetables and flowers, as women most likely to succeed and to be showcased in a musical presentation during the fall festival. to publicize the contest president collinge pokes fun at zeta members as being least likely to succeed and bans them from their campus. for revenge the zeta chapter president bob sheppard (johnny downs) is coerced to infiltrate mar brynn by entering the contest as "bobbie dewolfe", queen of the flowers. after falling in love with virginia, bob comes clean and assists in staging the show but includes in the finale a busby berkley style spelling out of "zeta" as revenge for the ban.
corpus document1986
all the world's a stooge
wealthy ajax bullion (emory parnell) is up in arms when his eccentric wife (lelah tyler) who's over come with joy informs him that she wants to adopt a refugee, the latest socio-political movement. to top it off, he has a terrible toothache. his wife insists he goes to the dentist so she can prepare the nursery. the stooges are window washers who work on a scaffold outside of a tall building. moe and larry use a rope to pull a curly back up to the scaffold. moe then orders curly to continue the job. he obliges but throws a bucket of water at an open window, and the water splashes all over the dentist's office. at nearly the same time, the dentist (richard fiske) arrives to see the mess. he then leaves after threatening to have them fired. it is then that moe orders larry and curly to dry up the floor. mr. bullion meets the inept window washers (whom he mistakes for interim dentists) when he enters the office demanding medical attention. they knock him out cold when he asks for anesthetic, then attempt to find the bad tooth. after pulling his bridge-work out completely ("you stripped his gears!", larry comments), they try to put it back into his mouth with cement. however, the cement hardens before they have a chance to put the tooth back in, so they decide to blast. the dentist arrives back in his office as the dynamite is lit. he calls out to the stooges, who notice him and run off. the dynamite goes off and mr. bullion wakes up, noticing that the pain in his tooth is gone. he heads back to his car and notices the stooges hiding inside. he inquires as to what they are up to, and moe says that they are "refugees." mr. bullion then has a very nasty idea to disabuse his wife of her philanthropic notion: pass these three nitwits off as refugee children. mrs. bullion is naturally thrilled at the sight of the stooges, who are dressed as children. moe and curly are in large sailor suits, while larry is dressed as a girl in a dress with a large bow on his head. mr. bullion calls them johnny (moe), frankie (curly), and mabel (larry). the stooges then stay with the bullions until mrs. bullion decides to have a party to introduce her wealthy friends to her new refugees. mrs. bullion ends up regretting their adoption during the party in their honor — and mr. bullion is beginning to regret concocting this scheme to begin with. the festivities are interrupted when an angered mr. bullion chases after the stooges with an axe.
corpus document1987
all this and rabbit stew
a black hunter walks over to a rabbit hole where bugs is eating his carrots. bugs is led to a trunk where he tricks the hunter into destroying the tree. bugs distracts the hunter after introducing himself, and digs underground and when the hunter realizes that bugs has his gun. bugs has the hunter run far enough so he can go down the rabbit hole. realizing that he has been had, the hunter uses a toilet plunger to catch bugs. however, bugs tickles the hunter and flees into another rabbit hole. the hunter grabs the plunger, only to find a skunk under him. next, bugs lures the hunter into a cave, where they encounter a black bear. all three of them run into the rabbit hole and when bugs and the hunter realize the bear is in the hole, they run off in fright. realizing that bugs is on the hunter while walking, the hunter fires off a swarm of anthropomorphic birdshot bullets. in a madcap chase, the bullets chase bugs into a series of holes, including a "fake" golf hole and the cave where the skunk is at. bugs then lures the hunter into a log sitting on the edge of a cliff, through which the hunter runs numerous times (each time running to the other side as bugs spins the log around so that the hunter keeps running off the cliff) until he falls to the ground. bugs is confronted by the angered hunter and, in a desperate plea for his life, baits the hunter into playing what turns out to be a “strip” dice game. bugs wins the game and walks off mocking the hunter's speech and wearing the hunter's clothes, leaving the man with a leaf covering his crotch to ad-lib “well, call me adam.” bugs grabs the leaf during the "iris out".
corpus document1988
all through the night
alfred "gloves" donahue (humphrey bogart), a big-shot broadway gambler, is alerted by his mother, 'ma' donahue (jane darwell), that her neighbor, mr. miller (ludwig stossel), a baker who makes gloves' favorite cheesecake, is missing. upon searching the bakery, gloves finds miller's dead body. a young singer, leda hamilton (kaaren verne), quickly leaves the shop upon hearing about miller's demise. mrs. donahue believes that the girl knows something and tracks her down to a night club, where she creates a racket by "crabbing" about miller's death. co-partner of the duchess club, marty callahan (barton maclane), calls gloves, insisting that he come down and take care of the situation. while at the club, gloves has a drink with leda that is interrupted by her piano player, pepi (peter lorre), who takes her away to a back room, where he shoots marty's partner, joe denning (edward brophy). lena and pepi then disappear in a taxi as gloves stumbles upon joe. before dying, joe raises up five fingers to indicate who took leda. gloves quickly leaves to search for leda, inadvertently leaving one of his gloves at the murder scene. while being suspected of joe's murder by marty and the police, gloves traces the taxi to an antiques/auction house operated by hall ebbing (conrad veidt) and his assistant, madame (judith anderson). while posing as a bidder, gloves is recognized by pepi. he subsequently gets knocked out by leda, tied up, and left in a storage room with one of his boys, sunshine (william demarest), who was earlier captured. later, leta visits them, enabling them to break free from their ropes before they are packed up in crates and shipped out. before escaping, gloves and sunshine walk into a room with maps, charts, a short-wave radio, and a portrait of adolf hitler. they realize that their captors are "fivers" or nazi fifth columnists, which is what joe was indicating before he died. gloves finds a notebook and reads miller's name in it as well as that of "leda hamilton", her jewish name "uda hammel", and the death of her father in dachau concentration camp. with leda in tow, they escape. they are chased by ebbing and his cronies into central park. here, leda explains that she is working with ebbing only to save her father's life. while gloves fights with a nazi, leda reads the torn-out page that states her father is already dead. gloves and leda go to the police, who search the antique house, but find it empty. not believing glove's story, they attempt to arrest him, but he escapes by diving into the east river. he arrives at his lawyer's (wallace ford) apartment, only to have marty and his mob break in, eager to avenge joe's murder. after gloves convinces them of his innocence, the two gangs join forces against the nazi spies. gloves, sunshine, and barney (frank mchugh) go to the police station where leda is being held. ebbing, however, has bailed her out, and they arrive as she is being forced into a car. they chase the car to a shop where an underground nazi meeting is being held. gloves and sunshine pose as nazis to get into the meeting, which eventually gets broken up by the combined gangs. ebbing escapes, shooting pepi to death, as he refused to take part in a two-man suicide mission. ebbing intends to proceed with the plan to blow up a battleship in new york harbor. gloves follows him to the docks, where ebbing surprises him and forces him into a motorboat containing high explosives. at gunpoint, ebbing forces gloves to steer the boat toward the battleship. gloves suddenly steers the boat off course and jumps into the water, while the boat with ebbing still on board crashes into a barge and explodes. back at the police station, gloves and leda find out that all charges have been dropped and that the mayor is going to honor him at city hall. ma donahue enters complaining that the milkman has disappeared, and she is afraid something has happened to him. gloves asks: "what makes you think that?" ma states, "well, son, i've got a feeling".
corpus document1989
aloma of the south seas
aloma and prince tanoa, are promised by the islanders to wed from their childhood, though the two despise each other and fight. tanoa is sent to the united states for an education and does not return for 15 years after the death of his father. once crowned, tanoa's treacherous cousin revo who has plotted to rule in place of tanoa since childhood, sees his chance by arming himself and his band with rifles and a light machine gun.
corpus document1990
andy hardy's private secretary
a week from the end of high school, andy (mickey rooney) is keenly anticipating his graduation, but is putting more effort into running the various student committees - most of which he chairs - than studying for his examinations. his father, honorable judge hardy (lewis stone) learns that andy has been giving money for tuition to a fellow student, a girl named kathryn land (kathryn grayson). judge hardy also learns that kathryn's father is poor.[5] on his father's advice, andy attempts to offload some of his own study work, and asks kathryn land to be his private secretary, much to the chagrin of his steady girlfriend polly benedict (ann rutherford). polly gets quite jealous of kathryn when she discovers that andy's bought stockings for kathryn to wear at graduation.[5] kathryn's brother harry (todd karns) takes on the task of designing decorations for the graduation ceremony. the father, a down-on-his-luck international travel expert, is helped by judge hardy's (lewis stone) connections in the us state department to find a better job. while andy is struggling with his english exams, kathryn's brother harry proves to be quite the scholar, showing no problems at all with his exams. andy is devastated when he miserably fails his english examination, which means he cannot graduate. he admits his failure to the class and resigns from all committee work. kathryn and harry's father is offered a job in south america, which would mean money, but also that the family would have to leave before graduation was completed for the siblings. andy wants them both to graduate, and "helps" them out by editing the telegram to the father about the date for traveling to the south, letting them stay a few days longer.[5] andy's attempt to help his friends attend commencement results in another disaster — the father's job offer is rescinded. but his friends persuade the school principal that the school rules allow him to retake the exam, given his high quality work during the past year. he passes - but only just. all ends well, of course. andy graduates and is given a new car by his father; kathryn sings at the ceremony, harry wins the governor's prize and is offered a job, and their impoverished father steven land (ian hunter) gets a job as a court interpreter.
corpus document1991
arizona bound
father killed, fiance wounded, gold stolen, ruth masters is distraught over what's been happening to her arizona stagecoach line and considers leaving the business for good. saloon owner steve taggert is pleased, hoping to increase his holdings in mesa city with her gone. a retired marshal, buck roberts, rides into town, selling cattle. in the saloon he and the others encounter colonel tim mccall, a preacher who objects to sunday sales of whiskey. buck offers to assist ruth by driving the stage carrying the next gold shipment, with her recovering sweetheart joe going along to keep an eye on things for her. a cattleman, sandy hopkins, also volunteers to help. the stage is robbed by masked men. gold is found in buck's saddlebags, so he is arrested and some of the townspeople demand that he be hanged. joe reveals that buck, anticipating the holdup, hid the gold safely while the robbers got away with nothing but worthless rocks. buck, tim and sandy all turn out to be ex-lawmen, now working undercover to expose the criminals in town. they ride off their separate ways, their work here done.
corpus document1992
arkansas judge
tom martel, a judge's son, returns to town out west after finishing law school. he becomes involved in a personal feud involving a banker's daughter, hettie huston, who attempts to railroad poor scrubwoman mary shoemaker in the theft of fifty dollars from a local widow.
corpus document1993
back street
the film is set in the early 1900s. it tells the story of a pretty and independent young woman, rae smith, who lives in cincinnati. she has many suitors, none of whom she takes seriously. one day she meets an extremely charming and handsome banker named walter louis saxel, and they fall immediately into a strong attraction, which for her is real love. after a few days of closeness she is shocked when he tells her he is already engaged to someone else. nonetheless the two of them very nearly marry one another on an impulse, but they are prevented from doing so by arbitrary external forces. after five years, they meet once again, by chance, in new york city. the banker is now married with two children (richard and elizabeth) and is extremely successful in his career, but rae and he still share the same strong attraction. rae loves him so much that she gives up her career in dress design and becomes his kept mistress, seeing him only when it is convenient for him. walter keeps up the appearance of a "happy marriage" and never considers divorcing his wife, whose father is his boss at the banking company. rae's loyalty to walter collapses only once, when he fails to contact her after he has been on an extended trip to europe with his wife. rae goes back to ohio and agrees to marry curt, an attractive and good-hearted man who proposed to her many times in their youth. however, walter travels to ohio to find her, and is able to persuade her to return with him. once walter's children reach adulthood they understand who rae is, and they despise her. people in walter's social circle also point condemning fingers at rae, who suffers all this with patience and fortitude. in old age, dying of a stroke in his grand home, walter's last faltering word is to rae, on the phone. she dies not long afterwards in her apartment.
corpus document1994
the bad man
gil jones (ronald reagan) is an american who runs a mexico ranch. a woman he loves, lucia pell (laraine day), has married a new york businessman, morgan pell (tom conway), possibly for his money. gil and his uncle henry (lionel barrymore) are in debt and banker jasper hardy could foreclose at any time. morgan and the banker both want the land, which may have oil under it. mexican bandit pancho lopez (beery), meanwhile, rustles the cattle and kidnaps everyone but gil, holding them for ransom. gil fights off lopez's men, who get a noose ready until lopez recognizes gil as a man who long ago saved his life. the cowardly morgan offers the land and even lucia if only lopez will turn him loose. he later shoots one of lopez's men in the back and flees. he pulls a gun on gil and lucia later, but lopez rides to their rescue.
corpus document1995
bad men of missouri
after the war, with confederate money now useless, many missouri farmers find themselves unable to pay their bills. william merrick and his men begin foreclosing on them or running them off, resulting in the death of martha adams, sweetheart of one of the younger gang. the brothers cole, bob and jim younger ride back to missouri just as their father is shot by merrick's hired gun, greg bilson. a sheriff is killed as well and the youngers are falsely accused of murdering him, so they retaliate by joining jesse james's gang and pulling off robberies, giving the money to the needy farmers to pay their taxes. merrick decides to flush out jim younger by arresting the woman he loves, mary hathaway, as an accomplice to the younger brothers' crimes. he offers to exchange mary for jim behind bars, secretly plotting to kill jim once he's in his custody. the youngers turn the tables, leading merrick and bilson to their own accidental deaths. they leave town and head for minnesota to pull off another theft, but mary and the missourians try to figure a way to bring them safely back home.
corpus document1996
bahama passage
when his father dies in an accident, adrian ainsworth is forced to get a replacement as head of the family salt company on an island in the caribbean. his mentally unstable mother firmly believes that her husband was murdered by one of their bahama workers. soon a mr. delbridge and his daughter carol arrives to the island to run the company. adrian is not happy with this solution though, and is reluctant to give mr. delbridge complete control of the company affairs. the new boss is quickly unpopular with the rest of the work force, including adrian's right hand man morales, who is hit by delbridge when he fails to give him the keys to the house. morales only wants to protect his friend adrian's interests. the daughter carol, a pretty and flirtatious socialite girl, shows a romantic interest in adrian, unaware that he is in fact married. when she finds out, they become friends, and adrian gets to know about the state of the company through carol. apparently the family business is heading towards bankruptcy. one day adrian gets a message that his wife mary is ill, and goes to spanish harbour where she lives alone. he is accompanied by carol, and when they get to his home, mary is occupied with another man. she wants to divorce him, tired of living alone on a deserted island. one night mr. delbridge has enough of the islanders when they celebrate a holiday with singing indigenous songs, so he fires his gun at them, which scares mrs. ainsworth so much her heart fails. she dies before adrian is able to return from his estranged wife. upon his arrival back to the house he learns that mr. delbridge has killed a young island boy with his firing. the islanders avenge their dead son by kidnapping mr. delbridge, determined to bring him to justice by taking him to the police. when adrian and carol are left alone at the house, they ultimately fall in love. morales pays them a visit and tells them that mr. delbridge managed to flee from the islanders by jumping overboard on a boat, and is presumed drowned. adrian wants to get carol away from the island and all of the bad feelings that seem to be inspired by the place. his friend, captain risingwell, tells him that it isn't the place, but the absence of true love that destroyed the people living there. adrian changes his mind and brings carol back with him to the island to spend their future together.
corpus document1997
ball of fire
a group of bachelor professors, including a widower, have lived together for some years in a new york city residence, compiling an encyclopedia of all human knowledge. the youngest, professor bertram potts, is a grammarian who is researching modern american slang. the professors are accustomed to working in relative seclusion at a leisurely pace with a prim housekeeper, miss bragg, keeping watch over them. their impatient financial backer, miss totten, suddenly demands that they finish their work soon. venturing out to do some independent research, bertram becomes interested in the slang vocabulary of saucy nightclub performer "sugarpuss" o'shea. she is reluctant to assist him in his research until she finds a place to hide from the police, who want to question her about her boyfriend, mob boss joe lilac. sugarpuss takes refuge in the house where the professors live and work, despite bertram's objections and their housekeeper's threat to leave because of her. in the meantime, joe decides to marry her, but only because as his wife she would not be able to testify against him. the professors soon become enamored of her femininity, and she begins to grow fond of them. sugarpuss teaches them to conga and demonstrates to bertram the meaning of the phrase "yum yum" kisses. she becomes attracted to bertram, who reciprocates with a vengeance by proposing marriage to her. she avoids giving an answer to the proposal, and agrees to joe's plan to have the professors drive her to new jersey to marry him. after a series of misadventures, including a car crash, sugarpuss realizes that she is in love with the bertram, but is forced to go ahead with her marriage to joe to save the professors from his henchmen. bertram, meanwhile, unaware of sugarpuss' love for him, he prepares to resume his research, sadder but wiser, until he discovers her true feelings. the professors eventually outwit joe and his henchmen and rescue sugarpuss. she decides she is not good enough for bertram, but his forceful application of "yum yum" convinces her to change her mind.
corpus document1998
barnacle bill
lazy fisherman bill johansen (wallace beery) docks his small (and sinking) fishing boat in san pedro harbor, aggravating ship chandler pop cavendish (donald meek) and pop's spinster daughter marge (marjorie main), who would like to marry bill even though he has welched on paying his debts for years. pop tries to have bill's boat attached, but cannot because bill has craftily listed the boat's ownership in the name of his daughter virginia, whom he has not seen since she was a baby. meanwhile, reefer ship-owner john kelly (barton maclane) has a monopoly and intimidates local fishermen into accepting less than market value for their fish. marge tells bill he is just the man to stand up to kelly, but bill would rather fish for swordfish, which bring a higher price (and thus require less work to earn beer money) with his partner, pico (leo carrillo). his daughter virginia (virginia weidler), now twelve, is brought to meet bill by her aunt letty (sara haden) and asks to stay with him, even though letty thinks he is an unfit father. bill likes virginia, but doesn't want the responsibility of raising a child, so he convinces marge to let her live ashore with her. virginia and marge decide to try to reform bill. bill attends church with them, but later shows up drunk for supper. virginia tells bill about the death of "gramps," her maternal grandfather, who was a well-known gloucester fishing schooner captain. bill tells her his dream is to captain the we're here, a gloucester schooner docked in san pedro, and virginia gives him gramps' captain's telescope as a symbol of the dream. to make it come true, bill and pico get a job on a tuna boat and return to find that virginia and marge have rehabilitated his rundown boat in the month he has been gone. when bill collects his pay, he gets much less than expected and suspects that kelly is cheating the fisherman by under-weighing the catch. bill confronts one of kelly's henchmen and cajoles a bribe to keep his "big mouth" shut. bill is about to accept the money when he sees virginia bringing the other cheated fishermen to watch him stand up to kelly. to save face, bill refuses the bribe and throws the henchman into the harbor. virginia takes his wages for safekeeping, but bill gets drunk anyway to celebrate his new status as a hero, and kelly scuttles his boat after he passes out. as bill and pico work to raise their boat, virginia is horrified to see that the we're here is being sold at auction. bill imprudently offers the highest bid. he uses his fishing money for a deposit and has ten days to pay off the balance. bill wants to sail the we're here to the south sea islands and charms marge into giving him the money to pay the balance, hinting that they might get married. the other fishermen want bill to convert the we're here into a reefer ship and offer to finance it. bill pretends to accept the offer, but uses it to leverage another bribe from kelly, needing cash to buy goods for trade in the south seas. virginia discovers what is happening, and disillusioned, calls aunt letty to take her home. when marge comes to get virginia's clothes, bill returns the telescope. a conscience-stricken bill decides to keep his promise to the fishermen. pop, an investor, comes aboard, and marge stows away as cook to keep bill honest. bill arrives at the fishing grounds as kelly is again trying to intimidate the fishermen and gives kelly his money back. kelly and his gang sneak aboard the fish-laden we're here to scuttle her, but pop discovers the invaders. bill's makeshift crew capture the gang and put them to work to successfully weather a bad storm. virginia and the telescope are waiting back at san pedro. where bill and a suddenly bashful marge wed.
corpus document1999
bedtime story
jane drake (loretta young) wants to retire from the stage to a connecticut farm. her husband luke (fredric march) feels differently and continues working on his latest play, which is being written for her. fed up, jane takes off for reno to get a divorce. reading an article in the newspaper that luke is not well and has given up working, she rushes back to his side, only to find that it is not true. she sees through his charade and in a fit of anger, she leaves. jane goes back to reno to get the divorce and she begins dating william dudley. luke gets her to agree to go out with him and they accidentally cross the border into california, where they run out of gas. they get a hotel room so that they can have someplace to sit down. she gives him advice on how to fix the script of this new play and then tells him to cast someone else in it. she pays for the room and for the gas, telling luke her owes her $4.40 for his share of the gas and lodging. she comes home to find an article in the paper that luke has cast virginia cole (eve arden) as the lead in his play. luke explains to virginia that the story in the paper was a fake to upset jane. virginia agrees to fool jane by pretending to be cast in the new play. jane and luke agree to auction off all of their furniture. a man named dingelhoff buys everything, including the desk jane bought for luke, except for a vase that luke gave jane, which jane buys. pretty soon rehearsals for the play are underway – with virginia playing jane's part. luke finds out that jane is engaged to william. luke tricks jane into coming to a rehearsal for the play. she gives virginia some tips and virginia pretends to be upset and "storms off". with the prospect of luke losing all the money he's sunk into the play being lost without a leading lady, jane reluctantly agrees to fill in, but only until luke can find someone else. then she learns that luke and eddie[clarification needed] have tricked william into getting arrested. jane leaves to bail william out of jail. the next morning luke and eddie[clarification needed] come around with flowers to apologize, and find out from the servants that jane has run off and married william. luke hires two men to act as inspectors, questioning jane on the validity of her marriage. the fake inspectors insist that she had to have stayed in reno for six weeks straight without leaving the hotel room. she hands william all of her reno receipts, and then comes across the one from california, that has one night's lodgings listed on it. she refuses to give luke the satisfaction of showing him that receipt, so he admits the inspectors are fake. they all leave. their friend emma comes over to tell jane that the production has shut down for good and that luke paid them off with the last of his money. realizing how much he loves her, jane hands emma the receipt and tells her that she wants the money luke owes her. luke, emma, and eddie sit around drinking, saddened by the end of the production and about jane's marriage. it takes luke a while to realize that with the receipt he can prove that jane's marriage is not legal. at the hotel, luke sends a whole host of people – from plumbers to electricians to maids – to interrupt jane and william on their wedding night. william gets fed up with all of the interruptions, but jane is merely amused. a fight breaks out in their hotel room and jane leaves with luke. they reconcile when luke takes them back to their old apartment where she learns that he hired dinglehoff to buy all of their furniture.
corpus document2000
belle starr
after her family's mansion is burned down by yankee soldiers for hiding the rebel leader captain sam starr (randolph scott), belle shirley (gene tierney) vows to take revenge. breaking starr out of prison, she joins his small guerrilla group for a series of raids on banks and railroads, carpetbaggers and enemy troops. belle's bravado during the attacks earns her a reputation among the locals as well as the love of starr himself. the pair get married, but their relationship starts to break down when sam starr lets a couple of psychotic rebels into the gang, leaving belle to wonder if he really cares about the southern cause.
corpus document2001
the big store
the phelps department store owner hiram phelps has died, leaving half-ownership in the business to his nephew, singer tommy rogers. the other half is owned by hiram's sister, martha phelps (margaret dumont), tommy's aunt. rogers has no interest in running a department store, so he plans to sell his interest and use the money to build a music conservatory. store manager grover (douglas dumbrille) wants to kill rogers before he can sell his share, marry the wealthy martha, then kill her to become sole owner of the phelps department store. martha is highly suspicious, worried about tommy's safety lest anyone suspect her of foul play to take over the store. against grover's wishes she hires wolf j. flywheel (groucho) as a floorwalker and bodyguard. between tommy wooing his sweetheart joan (virginia grey) and flywheel romancing miss phelps, the brothers eventually expose and thwart the plot to kill tommy.